the principles of the hacker ethic are:
Access to computers — and anything which might teach you something about the way the world works — should be unlimited and total. Always yield to the Hands-on Imperative!
All information should be free.
Mistrust authority — promote decentralization.
Hackers should be judged by their hacking, not bogus criteria such as degrees, age, race, or position.
You can create art and beauty on a computer.
Computers can change your life for the better.


http://www.helsinki.fi/~ssyreeni/quotes/quotes-c-01

"Do you program in Assembly?" she asked. "NOP," he said.

A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk I have a workstation…

A C program is like a fast dance on a newly waxed dance floor by people carrying razors.

A closed mouth says nothing wrong; a closed mind does nothing right.

A complex system that does not work is invariably found to have evolved from a simpler system that worked just fine.

A computer is like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.

A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight.

A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do.

A narrow mind has a broad tongue.

A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light.

A Windows user spends 1/3 of his life sleeping, 1/3 working, 1/3 waiting.

A seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly knowledge.

Alcohol and calculus don’t mix. Never drink and derive.

BASIC programmers never die, they GOSUB and don’t RETURN.

Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.

C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success.

C(++) is a write‐only, high‐level assembler language.

C++ would make a decent teaching language if we could teach the ++ part without the C part.

Computers do not solve problems, they execute solutions.

Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.

Difference between a virus and windows? Viruses rarely fail.

Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.

Enter any 11‐digit prime number to continue…

Error, no keyboard—press F1 to continue.

Fixing UNIX is easier than living with NT.

For every action, there is an equal and opposite malfunction.

Going from programming in Pascal to programming in C, is like learning to write in Morse code.

I have yet to meet a C compiler that is more friendly and easier to use than eating soup with a knife.

If a program is useful, it will have to be changed… …If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.

If brute force doesn’t solve your problems, then you aren’t using enough.

If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.

If it wasn’t for C, we’d be writing programs in BASI, PASAL, and OBOL.

In a world without walls and fences, who needs Windows and Gates?

Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.

Programming graphics in X is like finding sqrt(pi) using Roman numerals.

Programming is like sex: one mistake and you’ll support it for the rest of your life.

Real Programmers always confuse Christmas and Halloween because Oct31 == Dec25

Real programmers use: COPY CON PROGRAM.EXE

Relax, its only ONES and ZEROS!

See daddy? All the keys are in alphabetical order now.

Software Engineering is that part of Computer Science which is too difficult for the Computer Scientist.

Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the second law of thermodynamics; i.e. it always increases.

System Error: press F13 to continue…

The C Programming Language—A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language.

The computer allows you to make mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exception of handguns and tequila.

The definition of an upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.

The more I C, the less I see.

Those who can’t write programs, write help files.

To define recursion, we must first define recursion.

UNIX is the answer, but only if you phrase the question very carefully.

Whenever you think you have a clever programming trick… forget it!

"Good judgement is the result of experience. Experience is the result of bad judgement." - Fred Brooks

"The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code." - Robert C. Martin

"Theory and practice sometimes clash. And when that happens, theory loses. Every single time." - Linus Torvalds

If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization

simplicity is the ultimate sophistication


