Barron's word list 1
abase lower; degrade; humiliate; make humble; make
(oneself) lose self-respect
abash embarrass
abate* subside or moderate
abbreviate shorten
abdicate renounce; give up (position, right, or
responsibility)
aberrant* abnormal or deviant
aberration deviation from the normal; mental disorder
abet assist usually in doing something wrong;
encourage
abeyance* suspended action
abhor detest; hate
abject (of a condition) wretched; as low as possible; lacking
pride; very humble; showing lack of self-respect; Ex. abject apology
abjure renounce upon oath
ablution washing
abnegation renunciation; self-sacrifice; self-abnegation
abolish cancel; put an end to
abominate loathe; hate
abominable detestable; extremely unpleasant
aboriginal being the first of its kind in a region; primitive;
native; indigenous; N. aborigine
abortive unsuccessful; fruitless
abrasive rubbing away; tending to grind down
abridge condense or shorten
abrogate abolish
abscission cutting off; separation
abscond* depart secretly and hide
absolute complete; totally unlimited; having complete power;
certain; not relative; Ex. absolute honesty/ruler; CF. absolutism
absolve pardon (an offense)
abstain refrain; withhold from participation; intentionally
not use one's vote;
abstemious* sparing in eating and drinking; temperate
abstinence restraint from pleasant things, esp. eating or
drinking; CF. abstention: act of abstaining from vote
abstract theoretical; not concrete;
nonrepresentationals representational (of a style of art) showing
things as they actually appear in real life
abstruse obscure; profound; difficult to understand
abusive coarsely insulting; physically harmful
abut border upon; adjoin
abysmal bottomless
abyss enormous chasm; vast bottomless pit
academic related to a school; not practical or directly useful
accede agree
accelerate move faster
accessible easy to approach; obtainable
accessory additional object; useful but not essential thing
acclaim applaud; praise; greet with great approval; announce with
great approval; Ex. The new drung has been acclaimed as the most
important discoveries for years; N: strong expression of approval
and praise
acclimate adjust to climate or environment; adapt
acclivity sharp upslope of a hill; OP. declivity
accolade award of merit; strong praise and approvals
merit good quality deserving praise; merits: aspect of character or
behavior deserving approval or disapproval; Ex. judge each plan on
its own merits; V: deserve; earns demerit fault; bad qualitys earn
gain for the performance of service or labor; gain (something that
one deserves); deserve
accommodate oblige or help someone; adjust or bring into
harmony; adapt; make enough space for; ADJ. accommodative; CF.
accomodating: helpful and obliging
accomplice partner in crime
accord agreement
accost approach and speak first to a person
accoutre equip; N. accoutrement
accretion growth or increase in size by gradual addition;
growth; increase; increase by natural growth; Ex. towers and other
accretions of the castle; V. accrete
accrue come to one as a gain; accumulate over time; come about by
addition; Ex. benefits that accrue from scientific research; Ex.
interest accruing in a bank account; N. accrualacerbity bitterness
of speech and temper; ADJ. acerbic: bitter; acrid (in taste, manner,
or tone)s bitter having a sharp biting taste; causing sharp pain to
the body or mind; filled with resentment, disappointment, or other
unpleasant feelings; Ex. bitter wind/sorrow/tearss biting sharply
painful to the body or mind; Ex. biting wind/remarks
acetic vinegary
acidulous slightly sour (in taste or manner); sharp; caustic
acknowledge recognize; admit
acme peak; pinnacle; highest point
acoustics science of sound; quality that makes a room easy or
hard to hear in
acquiesce assent; agree passively; comply without protest
acquittal deliverance from a charge; V. acquit: free from a
charge or accusation; discharge from a duty; conduct (oneself) in a
specified manner
acrid bitter (to the taste or smell); sharp; bitterly
pungent
acrimonious stinging; caustic; bitter in words or manner; N.
acrimony: bitter ill-natured animosity in speech or behavior
acrophobia fear of heights
actuarial calculating; pertaining to insurance
statistics
actuary someone who advises insurance companies
actuate motivate; activate; cause to act
acuity sharpness (of mind or senses of sight or hearing)
acumen mental keenness; sharpness of judgment; ability to judge
quickly and well; Ex. business acumen
acute (of the senses) sharp; quickly perceptive; keen;
penetrating; brief and severe; Ex. acute sense of smell/analysis/pain
adage wise saying; proverb s proverb adage; someone or something
well known for notoriety; ADJ. proverbial: of a proverb; widely
known; ADV. proverbially
adamant hard; inflexible
adapt make or become suitable for a specific use; alter; modify;
adjust; N. adaptation: act of adapting; composition recast into a
new form; Ex. The play is an adaption of a short novel.
addendum addition; appendix to book; something that is added
(as at the end of a speech or book)
addiction compulsive habitual need
addle make or become confused; muddle; drive crazy; become
rotten (egg)
address direct a speech to; speak to; deal with or discuss; direct
one's efforts or attention to; make with a destination; N: formal
speech
adept expert at; very skilled
adhere stick fast; be a devotd follower; N. adhesion:
adhering; devotion; loyality
adherent supporter; follower
adjacent adjoining; neighboring; close by
adjoin be next to
adjourn suspend until a later time; move from one place to
another
adjunct something attached to but holding an inferior
position
adjuration solemn urging; V. adjure: entreat earnestly; enjoin
solemnly
adjutant staff officer assisting the commander;
assistant
admonish* warn or speak to with gentle disapproval; reprove
adore love deeply and respect highly
adorn decorate
adroit skillful (in using mind or hand)

Barron's word list 2

adulation flattery; admiration that is more than is necessary
or deserved
adulterate* make impure or of poorer quality by adding inferior
or tainted(contaminated) substances
advent arrival
adventitious accidental; casual; happening by chance
adversary opponent; enemy
adverse going against; opposing; unfavorable; hostile
adversity great hardship or affliction; misfortune; calamitous
event
advert refer
advocacy support; active pleading on behalf of someone or
something
advocate speak in favor of; support (an idea or plan); urge;
plead for
aegis shield; protection; defense
aerie (aery,eyrie,eyry) nest of a large bird of prey
aesthetic* artistic; dealing with or capable of
appreciating the beautiful (of a person or building); CF. aesthete;
CF. aesthetics
affable easily approachable; easy to talk to; warmly friendly
affected artificial; pretended
affidavit written statement made under oath (for use
as proof in a court of law)
affiliation joining; associating with
affinity feeling of kinship; similarity; Ex. strong affinity
for her; Ex. many affinities between two languages
affirmation positive assertion; confirmation; solemn pledge by
one who refuses to take an oath; V. affirm; ADJ. affirmative; CF.
affirmative action: positive discrimination
affliction state of distress; trial; cause of distress or
suffering; V. afflict: inflict grievous suffering on
affluence abundance; wealth
affront insult; offense; intentional act of disrespect; V: insult or
hurt the feelings of intentionally
agape openmouthed
agenda items of business at a meeting
agglomeration collection; heap; V. agglomerate: gather into a
rounded mass; N. aggolmeate: jumbled mass; heap
aggrandize make greater; increase in power, wealth, rank, or
honor; N. aggrandizement
aggregate* sum; total; ADJ. V: gather into a mass or whole;
accumulate; add up to; Ex. aggregate 100 dollars
aghast filled with great surprise or fear; horrified
agility nimbleness; ability to move quickly
agitate stir up; disturb
agnostic one who is skeptical of the existence or
knowability of a god or any ultimate reality
agog highly excited; intensely curious
agrarian pertaining to land or its cultivation; Ex.
agrarian reform
alacrity* cheerful promptness without reluctance
alchemy medieval chemistry
alcove nook; recess
alias an assumed name esp. by a criminal (usually to
mislead people); ADV. alias
alienate make unfriendly or hostile; estrange;
separate; change the ownership of
alimentary supplying nourishment
alimony payments made regularly to an ex-spouse after divorce
allay calm; pacify
allege state without proof
allegiance loyalty
allegory story, play, or picture in which characters
are used as symbols; fable
alleviate* relieve (pain)
alliteration repetition of beginning sound in poetry
allocate assign; set apart for a particular purpose
earmark set aside (money or time) for a particular purpose
alloy mixture as of metals; something added that lowers in value
or purity; V: mix; make less pure; lower in value or quality; spoil;
CF. unalloyed: not in mixture with other maetals; pure; complete;
unqualified; Ex. unalloyed happiness
allude refer indirectly; N. allusion: indirect reference
allure entice; attract; tempt
siren apparatus for making sounds; womanlike creature
alluvial pertaining to soil deposits left by running
water
aloof apart; not open in one's relationship with other
people; reserved; ADV.
aloft upward; high up in the air
altercation noisy quarrel
altruistic unselfishly generous; concerned for others; N.
altiruism: unselfish concern for the welfare of others;
unselfishness; OP. egoism
amalgamate* (of societies or groups) combine; unite in one body
amalgam combination of different things; mixture of metals
(containing mercury) used for filling holes in teeth
amass collect (gradually, in a very large amount)
amazon female warrior
ambidextrous capable of using either hand with equal ease
ambience environment; atmosphere; Ex. restraurant with a
pleasant ambience; ADJ. ambient: completely surrounding; Ex. ambient
temperature
ambiguous* unclear or doubtful in meaning; having more than one
possible interpretation
ambivalence* the state of having contradictory or conflicting
emotional attitudes or opinions
amble walking at an easy unhurried pace; V: walk slowly
and aimlessly
ambrosia food of the gods
nectar drink of the gods; sweet liquid collected by bees
ambulatory able to walk
ameliorate* improve
amenable obedient; compliant; readily managed; responsive;
willing to be led; answerable or accountable legally; responsible;
able to be tested by; Ex. amenable to sensible suggestions; Ex. He
is very amenable; Ex. amenable to the usual tests
amend correct; change ; generally for the better

Barron's word list 3

amenities convenient features that helps to make life
pleasant; social courtesies
amiable agreeable; lovable; warmly friendly
amicable peaceful; politely friendly; not quarrelsome; Ex.
amicable settlement
amiss wrong; faulty; Ex. something amiss; ADV.
amity friendship; peaceful relationship as between nations
amnesia loss of memory
amnesty pardon (allowed by government to political criminals)
amoral nonmoral; having no understanding of right and wrong
amorous moved by sexual love; loving; of sexual love; Ex.
amorous advances
amorphous formless; lacking shape or definition
amphibian able to live both on land and in water; N.
amphitheater oval building with tiers of seats; CF. arena
ample enough; abundant; spacious; large in size; Ex. ample
opportunity/garden; N. amplitude: quality of being ample; abundance;
largeness of space
amplify increase in size or effect; expand; broaden or
clarify by expanding; intensify; make stronger; Ex. amplify one's
remarks with a graph
amputate cut off part of body; prune (a limb)
amok(amuck) in a state of rage; Ex. run amok
amulet charm; talisman; an object worn believed to protect
against evil, bad luck
anachronism an error involving time in a story; something or
someone misplaced in time; ADJ. anachronistic
analgesic causing insensitivity to pain; N.
analgesia condition of being unable to feel pain
analogous* comparable; similar
analogy similarity; parallelism; comparing two similar things
anarchist person who seeks to overturn the established
government; advocate of abolishing authority
anarchy* absence of governing body; state of disorder
anathema solemn curse; someone or something regarded as a
curse; V. anathematize
ancestry family descent; ADJ. ancestral
anchor secure or fasten firmly; be fixed in place; N.
anchorage
ancillary serving as an aid or accessory; auxiliary; N.
anecdote short story of an amusing or interesting event
anemia condition in which blood lacks red corpuscles; ADJ.
anemic
anesthetic substance that removes sensation with or without
loss of consciousness; N. anesthesia
anguish acute pain; extreme suffering
angular sharp-cornered; having an angle; not rounded (body);
bony; lean; gaunt; stiff in manner
animadversion critical remark; V. animadvert: comment critically
with disapproval
animated lively; spirited
animosity active enmity
animus hostile feeling or intent; animosity; hostility;
disposition
annals records arranged in yearly parts; history
anneal reduce brittleness and improve toughness by heating
and cooling (metal or glass)
annex attach; add to a large thing; take possession of;
incorporate (territory) into a larger existing political
unit (by force); N: building added to a large one
annihilate destroy
annotate comment; make explanatory notes
annuity yearly allowance
annul make void
elope run away secretly with the intention of getting
married
anodyne drug that relieves pain or trouble; opiate; ADJ. Ex.
anodyne statement
anoint consecrate; put oil on (in a religious ceremony)
anomalous* abnormal; irregular
anomaly irregularity
anonymity state of being nameless; anonymousness; ADJ.
anonymous
antagonism hostility; active opposition; V. antagonize: cause
to become an enemy; N. antagonist: person who is opposed to another;
opponent; adversary; principal character in oppostion to the
protagonist
protagonist leader or noticeable supporter of an idea; chief
character in a play or story
antecede precede
antecedents preceding events that influence what comes later;
ancestors or early background
antediluvian antiquated; extremely ancient
anthem song of praise or patriotism; Ex. national anthem
anthology book of literary selections by various authors; CF.
omnibus
anthropoid manlike; resembling a human being; N.
anthropologist student of the history and science of humankind
anthropomorphic having human form or characteristics
anticlimax letdown in thought or emotion; something unexciting,
ordinary, or disappointing coming after something important or
exciting
antidote remedy to counteract a poison or disease;
Ex. antidote to the economic troubles
antipathy* aversion; dislike or opposition
antiquated obsolete; old-fashioned; outdated
antique made in an earlier period and usu. valuable; N: object that
was made in an earlier period and that is rare or valuable
antiquity quality of being very old; ancient times; antiseptic
substance that prevents infection in a wound; ADJ.
antithesis contrast; direct opposite of or to; ADJ. antithetic
or antithetical
antler bony growth on the head of a deer
anvil iron block used in hammering out metals
apathy* lack of caring; indifference; lack of concern or interest in
important matters; Ex. He was sunk in apathy after his failure; ADJ.
apathetic
ape imitate or mimic (a person's behavior or
manner)
aperture opening; hole; adjustable opening in a
camera that limits the amount of light
apex tip; summit; climax; highest point
aphasia loss of speech due to injury or illness
aphorism pithy maxim or saying; ADJ. aphoristic
apiary a place where bees are kept
hive box for bees; V: cause to go in a hive
apiculture bee-keeping
apiarist person who keeps bees
aplomb poise; composure in difficult situations; assurance;
self-confidence
poise good judgment with composure; balance; V: place in a
carefully balanced position
apocalyptic prophetic; pertaining to revelations especially of
disaster; N. apocalypse
apocryphal (of a story) widely believed but untrue
apogee highest point; the point farthest from the earth;
OP. perigee
apolitical having an aversion or lack of concern for political
affairs
apologist one who writes in defense of a cause or institution;
N. apologia
apoplexy stroke; loss of consciousness caused by too much
blood in the brain
apostate one who abandons his religious faith or
political beliefs; N. apostasy
apothecary druggist; pharmacist

Barron's word list 4

apothegm (apophthegm) pithy, compact saying
apotheosis elevation to godhood; an ideal example of something
appall dismay; shock deeply
apparition ghost; phantom
appease* pacify or soothe; Ex. appease a crying baby;
N. appeasement
appellation name; title
append attach
application diligent attention; diligence; V. apply oneself
apposite appropriate; fitting
appraise estimate value of; N. appraisal
appreciate be thankful for; increase in worth; be thoroughly
conscious of; ADJ. appreciable: enough to be felt; Ex. appreciable
difference
apprehend arrest (a criminal); dread; perceive; N. apprehension
apprehensive fearful; discerning
apprise* inform
approbation* approval
appropriate* acquire; take possession of for one's own use
without permission; set aside for a particular purpose; allocate;
CF. misappropriate
appurtenances subordinate possessions; something added to a more
important thing
apropos with reference to; regarding; Ex. remarks apropos (of) the
present situation; ADJ. ADV.
aptitude fitness; talent
aquiline curved; hooked; of or like an eagle; Ex.
aquiline nose
arable fit for growing crops; Ex. arable land
arbiter person with power to decide a matter in dispute;
judge who is in a position ot make influential judgments; Ex.
supreme arbiter of fashion in beachware
arbitrary unreasonable or capricious; random; tyrannical; Ex.
arbitrary ruler
arbitrate act as judge (at the request of both sides)
arboretum place where different trees and shrubs are studied
and exhibited
arboreal of or living in trees
arcade a covered passageway usually lined with shops
arcane esoteric; secret; mysterious; known only to the initiated;
Ex. arcane ritual; Ex. arcane process closed to the uninitiated
listener
archaeology study of artifacts and relics of early mankind
archaic antiquated; no longer used; belonging to the past; N.
archetype prototype; primitive pattern
arch- chief; first; Ex. archbishop
archipelago group of closely located islands
archives public records; place where public records
are kept
ardor heat; passion; zeal; ADJ. ardent
arduous* hard; strenuous; Ex. arduous work
argot slang; speech spoken by only a small group of people
aria operatic solo; a song sung by one person in
an opera or oratorio
arid (of land) dry; barren; unproductive
aristocracy hereditary nobility; privileged class; government by
nobility; N. aristocrat
armada fleet of warships
aromatic fragrant; having a sweet smell; N. aroma:
strong pleasant smell
arraign charge in court; indict
array marshal; draw up in order; arrange in order; clothe
splendidly; adorn; N: fine clothes; ordered group; Ex. in battle
array
arrears being in debt; money that should have been paid;
work that should have been done
arrhythmic lacking rhythm or regularity; N. arrhythmia
arrogance pride; haughtiness; ADJ. arrogant: unpleasantly self-
important (with a strong confidence in one's own importance and a
lack of respect for other people)
arroyo gully; narrow channel formed by rainwater
artery blood-vessel; CF. vein
articulate effective; distinct; expressing ideas clearly;
having clear sounds; having joints; Ex. articulate speech; V:
express thoughts and feeling clearly; pronounce clearly; unite by
joints
arsenal storage place for military equipment
artifacts object made by human beings, either hand-
made or mass-produced
artifice deception; trickery
artisan a manually skilled worker
artless* without guile; open and honest
ascendancy controlling influence; position of controlling
influence; CF. in the ascendant
ascertain find out for certain; make certain
ascetic* practicing self-denial; avoiding physical pleasures
and comforts; austere; Ex. ascetic life of Buddhist monks; N.
asceticism
ascribe refer; attribute; assign
aseptic preventing infection; having a cleansing effect
ashen ash-colored; deadly pale
asinine stupid; Ex. asinine remarks
askance with a sideways or indirect look (with disapproval
or distruct); Ex. look askance at
askew crookedly; slanted; at an angle
asperity sharpness; roughness; severity (of temper or
weather); Ex. asperities of a Russian winter
aspersion slanderous remark; Ex. cast aspersions on
aspirant seeker after position or status
aspire seek to attain (position or status); long for; Ex. aspire to
become president; Ex. aspire to/after the leadership
assail assault
assay analyze (to discover what materials are present);
evaluate (soil or ore)
assent agree; accept; N. assessment
assert state strongly or positively; demand recognition of (rights,
claims, etc.); make a claim to (by forceful action); Ex. assert
one's independence
assiduous* diligent
assimilate absorb; take (food) into the body and digest it;
understand (knowledge) completely and be able to use properly; cause
to become homogeneous (the people of a country or race in the wasy
of behaving or thinking)
assuage* mak less severe; ease or lessen (pain);
satisfy (hunger); soothe (anger)
assumption something taken for granted; the taking over or
taking possession of;
assurance firm statement that something is certainly true;
promise or pledge; certainty; confidence in one's own ability; self-
confidence; Ex. In spite of all his assurances, he did not come
back; Ex. assurance of his loyalty; Ex. The teacher lacked assurance
in fron of his class; V. assure; tell firmly with confidence;
ensure; make (something) certain to heappen; make (someone) feel
sure; give confidence to; ADJ. assured: self-assured; confident in
one's own ability; showing certainty
asteroid small planet
astigmatism eye defect which prevents proper focus; OP.
stigmatism

Barron's word list 5

astral relating to the stars
astringent binding; causing contraction (stopping bleeding);
harsh or severe; stringent; Ex. astringent criticism
astronomical enormously large or extensive
astute wise; shrewd; keen; seeing quickly something that is
to one's advantage
asunder into parts; apart; V. sunder
asylum place of refuge or shelter; protection (religious or
political)
asymmetric not identical on both sides of a dividing central
line
atavism resemblance to remote ancestors rather than to parents;
reversion to an earlier type; throwback; ADJ. atavistic
atheistic denying the existence of God; N. atheism
atone make amends for; pay for; Ex. atone for
atrocity brutal deed; ADJ. atrocious
atrophy wasting away; V: weaken and lose flesh and muscle (through
lack of blood or lack of use)
attentive alert and watchful; listening carefully; paying
attention; considerate; thoughtful; politely helpful; Ex. attentive
audience; Ex. He was attentive to the old lady; N. attentions: act
of courtesy and consideration
attenuate* make thin; weaken
attest testify; bear witness
attribute essential quality; V: ascribe; explain
attrition rubbing away by friction; gradual decrease in
numbers or strength; reduction in the work force without firing
employees; wearing away of opposition by means of harassment; Ex. a
war of attrition
atypical not normal; not typical
audacious* daring; bold; N. audacity
audit examination of accounts of a business; official
examination; V.
augment increase; add to
augury omen; prophecy; sign of coming events; V. augur: predict;
foretell; be a sign of (something in future)
august impressive; majestic
aureole sun's corona; halo; bright circle of light
auroral pertaining to the aurora borealis; CF. aurora
australis
auspicious favoring success; giving signs of future success;
Cf. auspices
austere* forbiddingly stern; ascetic; without comfort or
enjoyment; severely simple and unornamented; Ex. a monk's austere
life; Ex. austere grandeur of the cathedral; N. austerity
authenticate prove genuine
authoritarian subordinating the individual to the state;
completely dominating another's will; Ex. authoritarian regime/father
authoritative having the weight of authority; regarded as
providing knowledge that can be trusted; reliable; peremptory and
dictatorial; Ex. authoritative dictionary/manner; CF. definitive
autocratic having absolute unchecked power; dictatorial; N.
autocrat, autocracy
automaton mechanism that imitates actions of humans; machine
that works by itself
autonomous* self-governing; N. autonomy
autopsy examination of a dead body; postmortem; V.
auxiliary offering or providing help; additional or
subsidiary; N: helper; assistant
avalanche great mass of falling snow and ice
avarice greediness for wealth
avenge take vengence for something or on behalf of someone; Ex.
They avenged his death by burning the village; Ex. He swore to
avenge his brother; Ex. They avenged themselves on their enemy.
Aver* state confidently; declare as true
averse reluctant; disinclined; not liking or opposed; Ex.
averse to cats/doing the house work
aversion firm dislike
avert prevent; avoid; turn away (eyes or thought); Ex. An accident
was averted by his quick thinking; Ex. She averted her eyes from the
terrible sight.
aviary enclosure for birds; large cage
avid greedy; extremely eager for; Ex. avid
learner; N. avidity
avocation secondary or minor occupation
avow declare openly; N. avowal
avuncular of or like an uncle
awe solemn wonder; feeling of respect mixed with
wonder and fear; V: fill with awe; ADJ. awesome
awful terrible; very bad
awl pointed tool used for piercing
awry distorted; crooked; bent; Ex. Our plans have gone
awry.
axiom self-evident truth requiring no proof
azure sky blue
babble chatter idly or foolishly; make continuous sounds like water
running gently over rounded stone; N.
bacchanalian drunken
bacchanal noisy party with a lot of drinking
Bacchanalia the ancient Roman festival in honor of Bacchus
badger pester; annoy continually with demands; persuade by asking
again and again; Ex. The children badgered me into taking them into
the cinema; N: a kind of mountain animal
badinage teasing conversation; banter; joking talk
baffle frustrate; perplex
bait harass; tease; torment; Ex. badger baiting; N: food or other
lure used to catch fish or trap animals
baleful evil; malignant in intent or effect; deadly; having a malign
influence; portending evil; ominous; threatening; Ex. baleful look
balk stop short, as if faced with an obstacle, and refuse to
continue; foil; stop or get in the way of; frustrate
ballast heavy substance used to add stability or weight; V.
supply with ballast
balm something that relieves pain; oily liquid with a
pleasant smell from trees
pang sudden sharp feeling of pain
balmy soft and mild (of air); fragrant
banal* hackneyed; commonplace; trite; lacking originality;
clich\'ed
bandy discuss lightly or glibly; discuss in a frivolous manner;
exchange (words) heatedly; quarrel; Ex. bandy words with
bane posion; cause of ruin; ADJ. baneful: harmful;
poisonous
bantering joking talk; good-naturedly ridiculing; N.V. banter
barb sharp projection from fishhook, arrow, or other
object; openly cutting remark

Barron's word list 6

bard poet
barefaced shameless and noticeable; blatant; bold;
unconcealed; having no covering on the face; Ex. barefaced lie
unregenerate making no attempt to change one's bad practices
baroque highly ornate
barrage barrier laid down by artillery fire; overwhelming profusion;
large number of questions or statements; Ex. a barrage of criticism
barrister counselor-at-law or lawyer in the higher
court of law; CF. bar
solicitor lawyer in the lower court of law
barterer trader; V. barter: trade; exchange good for
other goods rather than money
bask luxuriate; take pleasure in warmth
luxuriate take pleasure in great comfort
bastion stronghold; something seen as a source of protection; Ex.
the last bastion of male chauvinism
bate let down; lessen the force of; moderate;
restrain; Ex. with bated breath; CF. abate
bauble trinket; cheap jewel; trifle
bawdy indecent; obscene; about sex in a rude funny way;
CF. bawd
beatific giving or showing bliss; blissful
bliss complete happiness; ADJ. blissful
beatitude blessedness; state of great happiness
mystic of hidden meaning and spiritual power; Ex. mystic
ceremonies; N. CF. mysticism
bedizen dress with vulgar finery
finery beautiful clothes for a special occasion
bedraggle wet thoroughly; ADJ. bedraggled: draggled
beeline direct quick route
befuddle confuse thoroughly
fuddle make stupid or confused as with alcholic drink; N.
in a fuddle: confused
beget father; become the father of; produce; give rise to
begrudge envy; give or allow unwillingly; grudge; Ex. We
shouldn't begrudge him his success.
grudge deep feeling of dislike; Ex. grudge fight; V.
beguile deceive; mislead or delude; cheat; pass time
pleasantly; charm or attract; Ex. beguiling smile
behemoth huge creature; something of monstrous size or power
beholden obligated; indebted; owing thanks; obliged or
indebted from gratitude
behoove(behove) be suited to; be incumbent upon; be right and
necessary; Ex. It behooves one to do.
belabor harp on; dwell on tediously; explain or go over excessively
or to a ridiculous degree; assail verbally; beat severely; attack
physically
belated delayed
beleaguer besiege or attack (with an army); harass; beset
belie* contradict; give a false impression; disguise; Ex. The poor
sales belied our high hopes; Ex. Her smile belies her true feeling
of displeasure.
belittle disparage; depreciate
bellicose warlike
belligerent quarrelsome
bemoan lament; moan for; express sorrow or disapproval of
bemused confused; lost in thought; preoccupied
benediction blessing
benefactor gift giver; patron; person who does good or who
gives money for a good purpose
beneficent* kindly; doing good
beneficial helpful; useful; advantageous
beneficiary person entitled to benefits or proceeds of an
insurance policy or will
benefit advantage; anything that brings help, advantage, or profit;
money provided by the government to the people; fund-raising public
entertainment; Ex. unemployment benefit; V: receive benefits; be
beneficial to; give benefits
benevolent generous; charitable; having a wish to do good
benign kindly; favorable; not malignant (disease); Ex.
benign tumor
benison blessing
bent determined; Ex. bent on advancing in the
business; N: natural talent or inclination
bequeath leave to someone by means of a will; hand down in
his will; N. bequest
berate scold strongly
bereavement state of being deprived of something valuable or
beloved; state of being bereaved or bereft
bereaved deprived of (someone beloved through death)
bereft deprived of (something valuable); lacking
berserk mad with violent anger; frenzied; madly excited
beseech beg; plead with
beset harass or trouble from all directions; hem in
hem surround tightly so that movement is
impossible; Ex. hem in; N.
besiege surround with armed forces; harass (with requests);
annoy continually
besmirch soil; defile; make dirty
bestial beastlike; brutal; inhuman; very cruel
bestow confer
betoken signify; indicate; be a sign of
token outward sign; Ex. a token of our gratitude
betray be unfaithful; reveal (unconsciously or unwillingly); Ex.
Her trembling hands betray her anxiety.
betroth become engaged to marry
bevy large group; Ex. a bevy of starlets
bicameral two-chambered as a legislative body
bicker quarrel
biennial every two years
bifurcated divided into two branches; forked
bigotry stubborn intolerance
bigot one who is intolerant (in matters of religion or
politics)
intolerant not willing to accept ways of thinking different
from one's own; CF. tolerant; CF. tolerate
bilious suffering from indigestion; sick from having too
much bile; irritable; easily irritated
bilk swindle; cheat
billowing swelling out in waves; surging
billow large wave of water; a great swell or surge (of
smoke); V: surge, swell, roll in billows
swell long wave of water that moves continuously without
breaking; V.
surge powerful movement of or like a wave; V.
bivouac temporary encampment; camp without tents; V.
bizarre fantastic; violently contrasting; noticeably odd;
strikingly unconventional
blanch bleach; whiten; make white or pale
bland soothing or mild (food); agreeable; causing no
trouble or offence
blandishment flattery
blare loud or harsh roar or screech; dazzling blaze of
light
screech unpleasant high sharp sound; shriek; V.
dazzle make blind with a sudden intense light; amaze; fill
with wonder
blase bored with pleasure or dissipation; uninterested or
bored
blasphemy irreverence; sacrilege; cursing; bad language about
God or holy things; V. blasphem; ADJ. blasphemous; CF. sacrilege
blatant extremely (offensively) obvious; loudly offensive;
Ex. blatant lie; N. blatancy
bleak cold or cheerless; frigid; unlikely to be favorable;
depressing
blighted suffering from a disease; destroyed
blight plant disease; V: infect with blight; ruin; destroy
blithe(blithesome) gay; joyous
bloated (unpleasantly) swollen or puffed as with water or air
blowhard talkative boaster; braggart
bludgeon club; heavy-headed weapon; V.
bluff pretense (of strength); deception; high cliff; ADJ:
rough but good-natured

Barron's word list 7

blunder error; stupid mistake
blurt utter impulsively from nervousness or excitement
bluster blow in heavy gusts; threaten emptily; bully; speak in a
noisy or bullying manner; CF. breeze, gust, gale
bully one who is habitually cruel to weaker people; V.
bode foreshadow; portend
bogus counterfeit; not authentic; intentionally false; Ex.
bogus interview
bohemian unconventional (in an artistic way)
boisterous violent; rough; noisy
bolster* support; reinforce
bolt door bar; fastening pin or screw; length of fabric;
large roll of cloth; V: dash or dart off; fasten (a door);
gobble down
dart move or throw suddenly and quickly
gobble eat very quickly
bombardment attack (as with missiles or bombs); V. bombard
bombastic* pompous; using inflated language
bombast grandiloquent, pompous speech
boon blessing; benefit; something very helpful
boorish* rude; insensitive
boor rude, insensitive person
bouillon clear beef (or meat) soup
bountiful generous; graciously generous; showing bounty
gracious kind in a generous way (to someone less
important)
bourgeois middle class; selfishly materialistic; too
interested in material possessions
bovine cowlike; placid and dull; slow-thinking; calm
bowdlerize expurgate; CF. Thomas Bowdler
brackish somewhat saline
braggadocio boasting
brag boast
braggart boaster; bragger
brandish wave around (a weapon); flourish
bravado swagger; assumed air of defiance; false show of
bravery
swagger walk or behave with an over-confident manner
brawn human muscle; muscular strength; sturdiness
brawny muscular; having well-developed muscles
sturdy strong and firm (in the body)
brazen insolent; without shame; bold; Ex. brazen lie; V:
face with bold self-assurance or with unshamed confidence
brawl noisy quarrel
breach breaking of contract or duty; fissure or gap;
opening; V.
breadth width; extent
brevity conciseness; shortness of duration
brindled tawny or grayish with streaks or spots (of
animals)
tawny brownish yellow
bristling rising like bristles; showing irritation
bristle short stiff hair; V: (hair or fur) stand up stiffly
brittle hard but easily broken; difficult; unstable; Ex.
brittle situation
broach introduce as a subject; moot; open up
brocade rich, figured(patterned) fabric
brochure pamphlet
brooch ornamental clasp; pin
clasp hold firmly within arms
brook tolerate; endure; Ex. brook no interference; N:
small stream
browbeat bully; intimidate
browse graze; feed on growing grass; skim or glance at
casually
graze (of an animal) feed on growing grass; cause (an animal) to
feed on grass; scrape (esp. the skin) or touch lightly in passing;
brush; Ex. We can't graze the cattle till summer; N: surface wound
skim read or glance through quickly; touch lightly in
passing; brush; remove from the surface of a liquid
brunt main impact or shock (of an attack or blow); Ex.
brunt of the argument
brusque blunt; abrupt; curt; not wanting to waste time being
nice
buccaneer pirate
bucolic rustic; pastoral
buffet strike forcefully; slap; batter; knock out; N: table
with food set out for people to server themselves; meal at which
people help themselves to food that's been set
slap hit quickly with the flat part of the hand; N. CF.
smack
buffoonery clowning
buffoon stupid person; clown
clown act stupidly; play the fool; N.
bugaboo bugbear; object of baseless terror
bullion gold and silver in the form of bars
bulwark strong wall built for defense; earthwork or other
strong defense; person who defends
bungle mismanage; blunder; botch; blow; spoil by clumsy
behavior
botch mismanage; blow
buoyant able to float; cheerful and optimistic; N. buoyancy; Ex.
buoyancy of wood/water/American market
bureaucracy overregulated administrative system marked by red
tape; ADJ. bureaucratic
burgeon* grow rapidly; grow forth; send out buds; Ex.
burgeoning computer industry; CF. bludgeon
burlesque give an imitation that ridicules; imitate mockingly
burnish* make shiny by rubbing; polish
buttress * support; prop up; N. stationary structure to
support wall; Ex. flying buttress
prop support placed under or against something; V.
buxom full-bosomed; plump; jolly
plump pleasantly fat; nicely rounded
cabal small group of persons secretly united to promote
their own interests
cache hiding place; V.
cacophonous * discordant; inharmonious; N. cacophony: unpleasant
mixture of loud sounds
cadaver corpse; dead human body
cadaverous like a corpse; pale
cadence rhythmic rise and fall (of words or sounds); beat;
regular beat of sound; rhythm
cajole persuade by praise or false promise; coax; wheedle
coax persuade by flattery
calamity disaster; misery
calculated deliberately planned; likely
caldron(cauldron) large kettle
caliber ability; quality; diameter of the inside of a round
cylinder; Ex. work of very high caliber
calligraphy beautiful writing; excellent penmanship
callous hardened; unfeeling; without sympathy for the
sufferings of others; unkind
callus area of thick hard skin
callow youthful; immature; inexperienced
calorific heat-producing; N. calorie
calumny malicious misrepresentation; slander
camaraderie good-fellowship; CF. comrade
cameo shell or jewel carved in relief; star's special
appearance in a minor role in a film
canard unfounded false rumor; exaggerated false report
candor frankness; open honesty; ADJ. candid
canine related to dogs; doglike
canker any ulcerous sore; ulcer; any evil; CF. cancer
ulcer sore place appearing on the skin inside or outside
the body; Ex. stomach ulcer; ADJ. ulcerous; V. ulcerate
canny shrewd in money matters; thrifty
cant insincere speech or expression of piety; jargon of
thieves; special words used by a particular group of people
cantankerous ill-humored; irritable
cantata story set to music to be sung by a chorus (shorter
than an oratorio)
canter slow gallop; V. CF. trot

Barron's word list 8

canto division of a long poem
canvass determine or seek opinions, votes, etc.; go through (a
region) to solicit votes or orders; conduct a survey; N.
capacious spacious
capacity mental or physical ability; role; position or duty;
ability to accommodate; Ex. in my capacity as president
capillary having a very fine bore; resembling a hair; fine and
slender; Ex. capillary attraction; N: very fine hairlike tube; CF.
capillarity
capitulate surrender; give up all resistance
caprice whim; sudden change of mind without any real cause
capricious* unpredictable; fickle
caption title; chapter heading; text under illustration
captious faultfinding; too critical
carafe glass water bottle; decanter
carapace shell covering the back (of a turtle,
tortoise, crab, etc.)
carat(karat) unit of weight for precious stones; measure of the
purity of gold
carcinogenic causing cancer; N. carcinogen
cardinal chief; most important; N: priest; cardinal number:
number that shows quantity rather thatn order
cardiologist doctor specializing in ailments of the heart
careen lurch; sway from side to side; move with irregular
swinging movement; stagger
career rush wildly; go at full speed
sway swing from side to side; influence (someone) to
change one's opinion; N.
caricature distortion; burlesque
carillon a set of bells (often in a tower) capable of
being played
carnage destruction of life; slaughter; killing of large
numbers of people or animals
carnal fleshly; sensual; concerning the desires of the body
carnivorous meat-eating; N. carnivore; CF. herbivore
carousal drunken revel; V. carouse
carping petty criticism; fault-finding; fretful complaining;
quibble
carrion rotting flesh of a dead body; CF. vulture
cartographer map-maker
cascade small waterfall
caste one of the hereditary classes in Hindu society;
social stratification; prestige
castigation* punishment; severe criticism or disapproval
casualty serious or fatal accident; person killed or
wounded in an accident or battle
casual happening by chance; irregular; occasional; informal;
showing or feeling little interest; Ex. casual reader/labor/remark
cataclysm deluge; upheaval; earthquake; violent and sudden
event or change
catalyst* agent which brings about a chemical change while it
remains unaffected and unchanged; CF. catalysis
catapult slingshot; hurling machine; V: fire from
catapult
hurl throw forcefully; shout out violently
cataract great waterfall; eye abnormality (causing a
gradual loss of eyesight)
catastrophe calamity ; disaster
catcall shout of disapproval or displeasure (made at the
theater or a sports match); boo; V.
catechism book for religious instruction in question-and-
answer form; religious instruction by question and answer; V.
catechize
categorical without exceptions; made without any doubt in mind;
unqualified; absolute
qualify reach a necessary standard; limit the meaning of
something stated
catharsis purging or cleansing of any passage of the body;
purging and weakening of strong emotions as a result of experiencing
a dramatic work of art
cathartic purgative; medicine that causes the bowels
to empty; ADJ.
catholic (of likings and interests) universal; general;
broad; including many different parts; wide-ranging liberal; Ex.
catholic opinions/tastes
caucus private meeting of a group of people in a political party to
select officers or determine policy; CF. the Caucus club of Boston
caulk(calk) make watertight (by blocking up cracks as in a ship)
causal implying a cause-and-effect relationship; N.
causality
caustic* burning; corrosive; able to burn by chemical
action; sarcastically biting; (of remarks) intended to hurt; bitter;
harmful; OP. harmless
cauterize burn (a wound or snakebite, etc.) with hot iron or
caustic substance to stop bleeding and prevent infection
cavalcade procession of riders or horse-drawn carriages;
parade; CF. cavalry
cavalier casual and offhand; arrogant; N: knight
cavil quibble; make frivolous objections; find fault
unnecessarily
cede yield (title or territory) to (esp. after losing a
war); surrender formally; N. cession
celerity speed; rapidity
celestial heavenly
hereafter life after death
afterlife life after death; later part of one's life
celibate abstaining from sexual intercourse; unmarried; N.
celibacy
censor (in ancient Rome) overseer of morals (also taking
the census); person who eliminates inappropriate matter; V.
censorious severely critical
censure blame; criticize; express strong disapproval; N:
severe criticism; strong disapproval
centaur mythical figure, half man and half horse
centigrade denoting a widely used temperature scale (basically
same as Celsius)
centrifugal radiating; departing from the center
centrifuge machine that separates substances by whirling them
centripetal tending toward the center
centurion Roman army officer (commanding a company of about
100 soldiers)
cerebral pertaining to the brain or intellect;
intellectual rather than emotional; CF. cerebrum
cerebration thought; working of the brain
ceremonious marked by formality; extremely formal and polite;
CF. ceremony: conventional social courtesy
unceremonious not done politely without due formalities
certitude certainty
cessation stoppage
cession yielding to another; ceding
chafe warm by rubbing; make sore by rubbing; N.
chaff worthless products of an endeavor; husk(outer seed
cover) separated from grain; Ex. separate the wheat from the
chaff
chaffing bantering; joking
chagrin annoyance and disappointment; vexation (caused by
humiliation or injured pride)
chalice goblet; consecrated cup
chameleon lizard that changes color in different situations

Barron's word list 9

champion support militantly; fight for; N: person who fights
for or supports strongly (a principle, movement, person, etc.)
championship position of champion; defense or support;
competition held to determine a champion
chaotic in utter disorder
charisma divine gift; great popular charm or appeal; magnetism
charlatan quack; pretender to knowledge (esp. in medicine)
chary cautious; unwilling to take risks; sparing or
restrained about giving; OP. bold
chase ornament a metal surface by indenting; follow
rapidly to catch
chasm abyss; very deep crack
chassis framework and working parts of an automobile;
framework to which components are attached
chaste morally pure; virginal; abstaining from illicit sexual acts;
modest; simple (of a style of writing); not highly decorated; austere
chasten discipline; punish in order to correct; CF. castigate
chastise punish as by beating; criticize severely
chauvinist blindly devoted patriot; zealous adherent of a
group, cause, or sex; ADJ. chauvinistic; CF. chauvinism; Nicolas
Chauvin
check stop motion; curb or restrain
checkered(chequered) marked by great changes in fortune; with
many changes of fortuene; CF. checked: having a pattern of squares
cherubic angelic; innocent-looking; N. cherub; CF.
seraph: winged angel of the highest order
chicanery* trickery; deception
chide scold; rebuke (someone who has done wrong)
chimerical fantastically improbable; highly unrealistic; N.
chimera: unreal fancy; fire-breathing female creature
chisel swindle or cheat; N: wedgelike tool for cutting
chip lose a small piece from the surface or edge; N: small piece
broken off something; CF. French fry; Potato chip/crisp
chivalrous courteous; faithful; brave; N. chivalry
choleric hot-tempered; bad-tempered; irritable;
easily angered; CF. cholera
choreography art of representing dances in written symbols;
arrangement of dances
chore daily domestic task (such as cleaning, cooking, and
shopping); unpleasant task
chortle huckle with delight; N.
chuckle laugh quietly
chronic long established as a disease
chronicle report; record (in chronological order)
churlish boorish; rude; N. churl: boor; yahoo
ciliated having minute hairs; CF. cilium; CF. cilia:
eyelash
cipher nonentity; worthless person or thing; zero; secret
code; V.
circlet small ring; band of gold, silver, jewel, etc. (worn
on the head, arms, or neck as decoration)
circuitous roundabout
circuit closed circular line around an area; circumference;
regularly repeated journey from place to place
circumlocution indirect or roundabout expression (by using an
uncecessarily large number of words esp. when trying to avoid
answering a difficult question directly)
circumscribe limit; confine; draw a line around
circumspect prudent; cautious; acting after careful thought
circumvent outwit; defeat by behaving more cleverly; outsmart;
baffle; avoid; get around
cistern reservoir or water tank
citadel fortress
cite quote; commend; Ex. cited for bravery in an
official record
civil having to do with citizens; not military or religious;
courteous and polite; Ex. married in a civil ceremony; Ex. civil
strife/disorder/law; N. civility; CF. civic
clairvoyant having foresight; fortuneteller; N. clairvoyance
hindsight understanding the nature of an event after it has
actually happened
clamber climb by crawling with difficulties; scramble
clamor loud continous noise; continuous demand or complaint made by
a large number of people; V: make a clamor; express (a demand)
continually and loudly; ADJ. clamorous
clandestine secret
chaperon older person who accompanies and supervises a young
unmarried woman
clangor loud resounding noise; sound of repeated clanging
clapper striker (tongue) of a bell
clap strike the palms of the hands together with a sudden
explosive sound; come together suddenly with a sharp sound; put or
send promptly; Ex. clap the thief in jail; N: clapping; loud or
explosive sound; CF. applause
clarion shrill, trumpetlike sound; kind of trumpet used in
former times
claustrophobia fear of being locked in
clavicle collarbone
scrimmage disorderly fight between two or more people
cleave split or sever; cling to; remain faithful to; N.
cleavage; ADJ. cloven
cleft N: split
clemency disposition to be lenient in deciding punishments;
mildness as of the weather; ADJ. clement
clich\'e phrase dulled in meaning by repetition;
platitude; ADJ. clich\'ed
bromide platitude; chemical compound used to calm excitement
clientele body of customers
climactic relating to the highest point; N. climax; CF.
climatic
clime climate
clique small exclusive group of people
cloister monastery or convent
clout great influence (especially political or social);
hard blow with fist
cloying distasteful (because excessive); excessively sweet or
sentimental; V. cloy: become unpleasant through too much sweetness
or excess
coagulate* congeal; thicken; clot; N. coagulant
clot half-solid lump formed from a liquid (or
blood); V.
pudding hot sweet dish
coalesce combine; fuse; N. coalescence
coalition partnership; league; union of separate
political parties
coda* concluding section of a musical or literary
composition
coddle treat gently; indulge excessively; pamper; mollycoddle;
baby; cook in water just below boiling point; Ex. coddled eggs
codicil supplement to the body of a will; later addition to
a will
codify arrange (laws or rules) as a code; classify; N. code: system
of words used instead of ordinary writing; collection of laws,
rules, established social customs
coercion use of force to get someone to object; compelling;
V. coerce
coeval living at the same time as; existing during the same period
of time; contemporary; of the same age
cog tooth projecting from a wheel
cogent* convincing
cogitate think over; ponder
cognate having a common origin; related linguistically;
allied by blood; similar or akin in nature; Ex. cognate languages; N.
cognitive having to do with knowing or perceiving related to
the mental processes; N. cognition: the mental process of knowing
cognizance knowledge; ADJ. cognizant; having knowledge; aware
cohabit live together
cohere stick together
cohesion tendency to keep together
cohorts group of people who share some common quality; armed
band; a group of between 300 and 600 soldiers under one commander
(in the ancient Rome)
coiffure hairstyle
coin make coins; invent or fabricate (a word or phrase);
N. coinage: word or phrase recently invented
coincidence the chance occurrence, at the same time, of two or
more seemingly connected events; V. coincide: happen at the same
time; be in agreement; CF. coincident; CF. coincidental
colander utensil with perforated bottom used for straining

Barron's word list 10

collaborate work together; cooperate treasonably with the enemy
collage work of art put together from fragments
scrap small bit or fragment; discarded waste material; fight; Ex.
a scrap of paper/cloth; V: break into parts for disposal; discard as
worthless; fight; quarrel
scraps leftover food
scrappy quarrelsome
collate examine and compare in order to verify authenticity; arrange
in order (the sheets of a book before they are bound)
collateral security given for loan; ADJ: secondary; descended
from the same person but through different sons or daughters
collation a light meal; collating
colloquial pertaining to conversational or common speech;
informal; N. colloquialism: colloquial expression
colloquy informal discussion; conversation
collusion conspiring in a fraudulent scheme to cheat or
deceive others; V. collude
colossal huge
colossus gigantic statue; person or thing of great
size or importance
comatose in a coma; extremely sleepy
coma deep prolonged unconsciousness caused by disease,
poison, or a severe blow
combustible easily burned; N. CF. combustion
comely attractive; agreeable; having a pleasing appearance
homely not good-looking; unattractive
comestible something fit to be eaten
comeuppance deserts; well-deserved punishment or misfortune;
rebuke
deserts what someone deserves
comity courtesy; civility; Ex. comity of nations
commandeer take (private property) for military use without
needing permission or giving payment; draft for military purposes
draft first rough form; conscription; draught; V: make a
draft of; conscript
draught current of air (through a room or to a fire); act of pulling
roads; act of swallowing liquid or amount of liquid swallowed at a
time
commemorative remembering; honoring the memory of; Ex.
commemorative stamp
commemorate honor the memory of; serve as a memorial to; Ex.
commemorate the 100th anniversary/those who died in the war
commensurate* equal in extent; of the same size
commiserate feel or express pity or sympathy for
commodious spacious and comfortable
communal held in common; public; of a group of people; of a
commune
commune small (often rural) community whose members share work and
income; V: exchange thoughts or feelings; Ex. commune with nature
compact agreement; contract; ADJ: tightly packed; firm;
brief; concise; Ex. compact statement
compatible harmonious; in harmony with; able to exist together
compelling overpowering; irresistible in effect; holding one's
attention; that compels one to do something; Ex. a compelling
adventure story; V. compel
compulsion compelling; strong desire that is difficult to
control; irresistible impulse
compulsory obligatory; that must be done
compulsive resulting from compulsion
compendium* brief, comprehensive summary; ADJ. compendious
compensatory making up for; repaying
compilation listing of information in tabular or book form;
compiling
compile assemble; gather; accumulate; make (a report or a book) from
facts and information found in various places; Ex. compile a
dictionary
complacency self-satisfaction; smugness; ADJ. complacent
smug self-satisfied; complacent
complaisant* trying to please; obliging; willing to please others
complement complete; consummate; make perfect; N.
complementary serving to complete something
compliance conformity in fulfilling requirements; readiness to
yield; disposition to yield to others; V. comply
compliant* readily acting in accordance with a rule, order, or
the wishes or others; yielding; comforming to requirements
complicity participation; involvement (in a questionable act or
a crime)
component element; ingredient
comport bear one's self; behave; Ex. comport oneself; N.
comportment
deport send out of the country; behave; N. deportation,
deportment
bearing deportment; connection
composure mental calmness
compound combine; produce by combining; increase; make worse
by adding to or increasing; exacerbate; Ex. compound an error; ADJ:
consisting of two or more parts; N: combination of two or more
parts; area enclosed by a wall containing a group of buildings; Ex.
factory compound; CF. complex
comprehensive broad; including a lot or everything; thorough;
inclusive
comprehend include; understand
compress force into less space; squeeze; contract; put into
fewer words; N: thick mass of cloth pressed to part of the body to
stop bleeding or swelling, reduce fever, etc.
comprise include; consist of
compromise adjust or settle by making mutual concessions;
endanger the interests or reputation of; put into danger, disrepute,
or a dishonorable position; Ex. compromise one's principle; N.
compunction remorse; strong uneasiness caused by guilt
compute reckon; calculate
reckon count; calculate; regard as; think; suppose
concatenate link as in a chain
concave hollow; curved inwards; OP. convex
concede admit; acknowledge as being true (often
reluctantly); yield; grant; Ex. concede a goal
conceit vanity or self-love; too high opinion of one's own value;
extravagant metaphor (in poetry)
vain full of self-admiration; conceited; without result;
unsuccessful; N. vanity
concentric having a common center
conception beginning; forming of an idea; fertilization; V.
conceive: form an idea in the mind; devise; become pregnant; CF.
inception
concerted mutually agreed on; done together by agreement; Ex.
concerted effort; CF. in concert: working together
concession an act of yielding; conceding; something conceded;
point, right, etc. given unwillingly; privilege of maintaining a
business in a certain place; Ex. oil concessions in the North sea;
CF. concessionaire
conciliatory* reconciling; soothing; V. conciliate: reconcile;
soothe; win the friendly feelings (by removing anger)
concise brief and compact
conclave private secret meeting
conclusive decisive; ending all debate
concoct prepare by mixing or combining; make up in concert; devise
(something false) so as to deceive; Ex. concoct an elaborate excuse
for being late; N. concoction
concomitant that which accompanies; Ex. Deafnes is a frequent
concommitant of old age; ADJ: existing or happening together with
something else
concord harmony; accord
concordat formal agreement
concur agree; coincide; happen at the same time
concurrent happening at the same time; in agreement
condescend (derog.) bestow courtesies with a superior air;
descend to the level of one considered inferior
condign adequate; (of punishment) severe and well deserved
condiments seasonings; spices
condole express condolences; N. condolence: sympathy for
someone who has experienced great sorrow
condone* overlook; forgive; give tacit approval;
excuse
conducive helpful; contributive; V. conduce; Ex. conduce
to/towards
conduit aqueduct; passageway for fluids
confidant(confidante) trusted friend (to whom one tells one's
secret)
confide tell in confidence (to a person one trusts); be
confident about
confidence self-assurance; calm unworried feeling based on a
strong belief in one's abilities; strong belief in the ability of a
person or plan; trust or faith in a person or thing; something
confided; secret; Ex. confidence in your ability; Ex. I'm telling
you this in confidence; Ex. exchange confidences about their
boyfriends; ADJ. confides nt
confidential spoken or written in secret; trusted with private
matters; Ex. confidential secretary
confine shut in an enclosed space; restrict; keep within
limits; N. confinement
confiscate seize; take possession of (private property) by
official order (usu. as a punishment); commandeer
conflagration great fire
confluence flowing together; the place where two rivers flow
together; crowd; gathering together
conformity harmony; agreement with established rules or
customs; similarity; Ex. behave in conformity with; V. conform: be
similar; act in agreement; comply; Ex. conform to the rule; CF.
conformans ce
conformist person who uncritically conforms to the customs of a
group; OP. nonconformist: one who does not conform to accepted
beliefs of norn ms
confound* confuse; puzzle
congeal freeze; coagulate
congenial pleasant; friendly; in agreement with one's tastes
and nature; Ex. congenial weather
congenital existing at birth

Barron's word list 11

conglomeration mass of material sticking together
conglomerate corporation made up of several different companies
in diversified fields; mass of various material gathered together;
rock consisting of small stones held together by clay; V.
congruence correspondence of parts; harmonious relationship;
CF. congruity
congruent in agreement; harmonious; corresponding; coinciding
exactly; CF. congruous
conifer pine tree (usu. evergreen); cone-bearing tree; ADJ.
coniferous; CF. deciduous; CF. evergreen
conjecture surmise; guess; V.
conjugal pertaining to marriage
conjure cause to appear by magic; summon (a devil or a
spirit) by magical power; practice magic (esp. by very quick
movement of the hands); evoke; conjure up: bring into the mind; Ex.
The magician conjured a rabbit out of his hat.
connivance pretense of ignorance of something wrong;
assistance; permission to offend; V. connive: feign ignorance (of a
wrong); cooperate secretly in an illegal action; conspire
connoisseur* person competent to act as a judge of art, etc.
(whose judgments are respected); a lover of an art
connotation suggested or implied meaning of an expression; V.
connote
connubial pertaining to marriage or the matrimonial state
matrimony state of being married
patrimony property inherited from a father
consanguinity kinship; relationship by birth
consanguineous(consanguine) having a common ancestor
conscientious scrupulous; through and careful; Ex. conscientious
worker
conscript draftee; person forced into military service; V.
consecrate dedicate; sanctify; declare as sacred; Ex.
consecrate one's life to helping the poor
consensus general agreement; opinion reached by a group
consequential self-important; significant; consequent; following
as a result; Ex. consequential air; CF. subsequent
conservatory(conservatoire) school of the fine arts (especially
music or drama); glass-enclosed area; CF. conservancy
consign send to a person or place for sale; deliver
officially; entrust; put into the care of another; set apart (for a
special purpose); N. consignment; CF. consignor, consignee
consistency absence of contradictions; uniformity; degree of
thickness or firmness; Ex. consistency of thick cream; CF. viscous
console lessen sadness or disappointment; give comfort;
allay the sorrow of; N. consolation
consolidation unification; process of becoming firmer or stronger;
V. consolidate: merge; strengthen
consonance harmony; agreement
consonant harmonious; in agreement; N.
consort associate with; keep company; N: husband or wife (or
a ruler)
conspiracy treacherous plot; secret plan against the law (by
two or more people)
conspire take part in a conspiracy; (of events) work
together; combine; Ex. Events conspired to produce great
difficulties.
consternation great shock; dismay
constituent supporter; voter; member of a constituency; component
constituency voters represented by an elected official; district
so represented; group of supporters (or constituents)
constitution constituting; system of laws; composition of
something; physical makeup or structure of a person; Ex. men with
strong constitutions
constraint restraint; compulsion; repression of feelings;
reticence; V. constrain: hold back; restrain; compel; oblige;
confine forcibly; imprison
construe explain; interpret; Ex. construe her silence as
meaning that she agreed; CF. misconstrue
consummate complete; V.
contagion infection (by contact); ADJ. contagious; CF.
infectious: that can be passed by infection in the air
drastic strong; violent and severe; Ex. drastic
changes/measures
contaminate pollute
contempt scorn; disdain; ADJ. contemptuous; CF. contemptible
contend struggle; compete; assert earnestly; state strongly
contention* assertion; claim; thesis; struggling; competition
thesis opinion put forward and supported by reasoned
arguments
boost lift by pushing up from below; increase; raise; N:
push upward; increase
contentious* quarrelsome; controversial; likely to cause arguments
contest dispute; argue about the rightness of; compete for;
try to win; Ex. contest the election results; Ex. contest a seat in
Parliament; N.
context writings preceding and following the passage quoted;
circumstance in which an event occurs
contiguous adjacent to; touching upon
continence self-restraint; sexual chastity; sexual abstinence;
voluntary control over bladder and bowel functions; ADJ. continent
contingent dependent on something uncertain or in the future;
conditional; happening by chance; accidental; N: a group of
soldiers, ships to a larger force; CF. contingency: future event
that may or may not occur; possibility; Ex. prepare for every
contingency
contortions twistings; distortions; V. contort: twist violently
out of shape; CF. contortionist
contraband illegal trade; smuggling; smuggled goods; ADJ.
contravene contradict; oppose; violate (a rule, law, or
custom); N. contravention
contrite* penitent; repentant; N. contrition
contrived unnatural and forced; artificial; not spontaneous;
Ex. The ending was rather contrived.
contrive invent or fabricate in a clever way (by
improvisation); manage; Ex. contrive to attract his attention
contrivance something contrived; machine or apparatus; clever
deceitful plan; scheme
controvert oppose with arguments; attempt to refute;
contradict; ADJ. controversial; N. controversy
contumacious stubborn and disobedient; resisting authority (esp.
disobedient to an order made by a court)
contusion bruise
bruise injure without breaking the skin; N.
conundrum* riddle; difficult problem
convene come together; assemble; call to meet; Ex. convene
the council
convention social or moral custom; established practice; formal
meeting; international agreement
conventional ordinary; typical; not nuclear; Ex. conventional
weapons
converge* approach; tend to meet; come together
conversant familiar with; having knowledge of
converse opposite; ADJ.
convert one who has adopted a different religion or opinion;
V: change into another form; (persuade to) adopt a particular
religion or belief
convex curving outward
conveyance vehicle; transfer; act of conveying; Ex. public
conveyance
conviction judgment that someone is guilty of a crime; strongly
held belief
convivial pleasantly merry; festive; joyous; gay;
characterized by joviality; jovial
convoke call together; Ex. convoke Parliament; N. convocation
convoluted* coiled around; twisted; involved; complicated;
intricate; complex; N. convolution: twist; one of the convex folds
of the surface of the brain
convulsion violent uncontrollable shaking movement (caused by
illness); V. convulse; ADJ. convulsive
copious plentiful
coquette flirt; flirtatious woman; woman who tries to attract
the admiration of men without sincere feelings; V.
flirt behave in a way that attracts (sexual) attention;
deal triflingly with; N: one (or woman) given to flirting; ADJ.
flirtatious
cordial warmly friendly; gracious; heartfelt; Ex. cordial
welcome
cordon extended line of men or fortifications to prevent
access or egress;
cornice projecting molding on building (usually above
columns or pillars);
cornucopia horn (or horn-shaped container) overflowing with
fruit and grain; symbol of abundance; horn of plenty
corollary natural consequence (which naturally follows from
something else)
corporeal bodily (rather than spiritual); of a bodily form;
material; tangible
corpulent very fat; N. corpulence
corpus collection (of writings or information); Ex. the
corpus of Shakespear's works; Cf. corpse
corpuscle red or white cell in the blood
correlation mutual relationship
correlate either of the correlated things; V.
corroborate confirm; support; strengthen
corrode destroy or wear away gradually by chemical action
(over a long period)
corrosive eating away by chemicals or disease; (of language)
fierce
corrugated wrinkled; ridged
wrinkle small ridge on a smooth surface (face or cloth); V.
crinkle wrinkle
cosmic pertaining to the universe; vast
coterie group that meets socially; select circle; close
group of people with shared interests
countenance approve; support; tolerate; Ex. countenance his rude
behavior; N: face; appearance
countermand cancel; revoke (an order)

Barron's word list 12

counterpart thing that completes another; things very much
alike; thing that has the same purpose in a different system
coup highly successful action or sudden attack; coup(s)
d'\'etat; CF. coup de gr\^ace: deathblow or shot which kills
couple join; unite; OP. uncouple
courier messenger
covenant binding agreement between two groups or people;
compact; V: enter into a covenant; promise
bargain agreement between two groups or people; something
for sale at a price advantageous to the buyer; V: negotiate; trade;
Ex. bargaining power
covert secret; hidden; implied; OP. overt
covetous avaricious; desirous of (someone else's
possessions); V. covet: desire eagerly (someone else's possessions)
cow terrorize; intimidate
cower shrink quivering as from fear; cringe
coy shy (flirtatiously); showing a (pretended) lack of
self-confidence; modest; coquettish; CF. job offer  
cozen cheat; hoodwink; swindle
crabbed sour; bad-tempered; peevish; difficult to read as
handwriting
peevish bad-tempered; irritable; V. peeve: make angry
crass very unrefined; grossly insensible; crude and
undiscriminating; Ex. crass behavior
craven* cowardly
credence belief
credo creed
credulity belief on slight evidence; gullibility; naivet\'e;
ADJ. credulous
creed system of religious or ethical belief
crescendo increase in the volume or intensity as in a musical
passage; climax; CF. crescent
far-fetched too improbable to be believed; implausible; Ex. far-
fetched story
overture musical introduction to a long musical piece; first
offer or proposal (to begin talks in the hope of reaching an
agreement); Ex. overtures for peace
crestfallen dejected; dispirited
crest top (as of a hill or wave); showy feathers on the
head of a bird
crevice crack; fissure
cringe shrink back as if in fear; cower
criteria standards used in judging; CF. criterion
crone hag; ugly old woman
crotchety (of someone old) eccentric; odd; whimsical; bad-
tempered; N. crotchet: odd or whimsical notion
crux essential or main point; Ex. the crux of the
problem; ADJ. crucial: of deciding importance
crypt secret recess or vault usually used for burial;
underground room (under a church)
cryptic mysterious; hidden; secret
cubicle small chamber used for sleeping or work
compartment one of the parts into which an enclosed space is
divided
cuisine style of cooking; Ex. French cuisine
culinary relating to cooking or kitchen
cull pick out from others (to kill the weakest members);
reject; select; collect (information); N.
culmination highest point; climax; V. culminate in: reach the
highest point in; end in; Ex. a series of minor clashes culminating
in war
culpable deserving blame; blameworthy
culprit one guilty of a crime
culvert artificial channel for water; drain crossing under a
road
cumbersome heavy and awkward to carry or wear; burdensome; Ex.
cumbersome parcel/uniform
cumulative growing by addition; accumulative
cupidity greed (for wealth); CF. cupid; CF. Cupid
curator superintendent; manager (in charge of a museum or a
library)
curmudgeon churlish, miserly individual; bad-tempered old person
cursive (of writing) flowing; running; having the successive
letters joined
cursory casual; hastily done with little attention to detail
curtail shorten; reduce
cynical skeptical or distrustful of human motives; N.
cynicism; CF. cynic: person who believes all people are motivated by
selfishness
cynosure object of general attention; person or thing that is
a center of attention; CF. Ursa Minor
dabble work at in a nonserious fashion; splash around; move
noisily in a liquid
dais raised platform for speakers or other important
people
dally trifle with; toy with; treat without the necessary
seriousness; procrastinate; waste time
dank damp; unpleasantly wet
dapper neat and trim (in appearance); (of small men) neat
in appearance and quick in movements; neat; spry
dappled spotted
daub smear (as with paint); cover with something sticky;
Ex. daub one's clothes with mud/paint; N: small bit of sticky
substance; Ex. a daub of paint
smear spread or cover with a sticky substance; N: mark
made by smearing
smudge dirty mark with unclear edges made by rubbing; V.
daunt* intimidate; frighten; discourage; dishearten
dauntless bold; fearless
dawdle loiter; hang around; waste time doing nothing
deadlock standstill resulting from the opposition of two
unrelenting forces; stalemate
standstill condition of no movement or activity; stop
deadpan wooden; impassive; with no show of feeling; with an
expressionless face
dearth scarcity
d\'eb\^acle sudden disastrous downfall or defeat; complete
disaster
debase degrade; reduce in quality or value; degenerate;
lower in esteem; disgrace; N. debasement
kneel go down on one's knee(s)
debauch corrupt morally; seduce from virtue; N. debauchery:
wild behavior (with sex and alcohol)
seduce lead away from proper conduct; entice; ADJ. seductive
debilitate weaken (esp. through heat, hunger, illness); enfeeble
bout match; short period of great activity; Ex. wrestling
bout; bout of drinking/flu
debonair (of men) friendly, charming, and fashionably
dressed; aiming to please; CF. of good disposition
d\'ebris rubble; wreckage; scattered remains of something
broken or destroyed
debunk expose as false, exaggerated, worthless, etc.;
ridicule
debutante young woman making formal entrance into society
debut d\'ebut; first public appearance; formal
presentation of a young woman to society
decadence decay; fall to a lower level (of morality,
civilization, or art); ADJ. decadent
decant pour off gently (wine or liquid)
decapitate behead
decelerate slow down

Barron's word list 13

deciduous falling off at a specific season or stage of growth
as of leaves; Ex. deciduous tree/teeth
decimate kill (usually one out of ten or every tenth man);
destroy or kill a large part of
decipher decode; CF. indecipherable
declivity downward slope
d\'ecollet\'e (of a dress) having a low-cut neckline; CF.
d\'ecolletage: low neckline (on a dress)
decree authoritative order; edict; judgment of a court of
law; V: order or judge by decree
decomposition decay; V. decompose: decay; break and separate into
simple parts
decorum * propriety; orderliness and good taste in manners;
appropriateness of behavior or conduct
decorous proper (in behavior, conduct, or appearance)
decoy lure or bait; V.
decrepitude state of collapse or weakness caused by illness or
old age
decrepit weak and in bad condition from old age or hard use;
Ex. decrepit old chair/man
n decry express strong disapproval of; condemn openly
(something dangerous to the public); disparage; Ex. decry the
violence of modern films
deducible derived by reasoning; V. deduce: infer; derive by
reasoning
deface mar; disfigure
mar spoil the appearance of
defame harm someone's reputation; malign; speak evil of;
slander; N. defamation; ADJ. defamatory
default* failure to act; failure to perform a task or
be present; V.
defeatist resigned to defeat or failure; accepting defeat or
failure as a natural outcome; N. CF. defeatism
defection desertion
defect shortcoming; V: desert (in order to join the
opposite one)
defer give in respectfully; submit; delay till later;
exempt temporarily; N. deferment; CF. show respect, comply with,
courteous
deference* courteous regard for another's wish; courteous
yielding to another's wish or opinion (showing respect); ADJ.
deferential; OP. effrontery
defiance refusal to yield; resistance; V. defy; ADJ. defiant
defile pollute; make filthy or dirty; corrupt morally;
profane; desecrate; N: narrow passage or gorge through mountains
definitive most reliable; authorative and complete; that cannot
be improved; conclusive; decisive; definite; Ex. definitive decision
by the supreme court
deflect turn aside; turn away from a straight course
defoliate destroy leaves; deprive of leaves (by the use of
chemicals); N. defoliant
defray provide for the payment of; undertake the payment
of; pay
defrock strip a priest or minister of church authority;
unfrock
frock long loose garment (worn by monks)
deft neat; skillful
defunct dead; no longer in use or existence
degenerate become worse in quality; deteriorate; ADJ: having
become worse; Ex. a degenerate species; N: depraved or corrupt person
degradation humiliation; debasement; degeneration; V. degrade:
debase; disgrace; degenerate; reduce (something) in worth; demote
(someone); reduce in rank
dishonor disgrace; N. ADJ. dishonorable
n dehydrate remove water from; dry out
deify turn into a god; make a god of; idolize; Ex. Kings
were deified; CF. deity
deign condescend; stoop
stoop bend forward and down; lower or debase oneself; fall
to a lower standard of behavior by doing something; condescend; Ex.
stoop to lying
delete erase; strike out
deleterious harmful
deliberate consider; ponder; ADJ: done on purpose; slow
delineate* portray; depict; sketch; describe; N. delineation
delirium mental disorder marked by confusion; uncontrolled
excitement; ADJ. delirious
delta flat plain of mud or sand between branches of a river
delude deceive
deluge flood; rush; V.
delusion false belief; hallucination; deluding; Ex. delusions
of grandeur; Ex. under the delusion that
delusive deceptive; likely to delude; misleading; raising
vain hopes; Ex. delusive promises
delve dig; search deeply; investigate
demagogue person who appeals to people's prejudice; false
leader of people; CF. demagoguery
demean disgrace; humiliate; debase in dignity; behave
demeanor behavior; bearing
demented insane
demise death
demographic related to population balance; N. demography:
statistical study of human population
demolition destruction; V. demolish
demoniac(demoniacal) fiendish; cruel; N. demon: evil supernatural
being; devil
fiend evil spirit; devil
demotic of or pertaining to the people
demur object (because of doubts, scruples); raise an
objection (showing qualms); hesitate; Ex. demur at the idea of
working on Sunday
demure (of a woman or child) grave; quiet and serious; coy;
pretending to be demure
denigrate* blacken; defame
denizen (animal, person, or plant) inhabitant or resident of
a particular place; regular visitor
denotation meaning; distinguishing by name; V. denote:
indicate; refer to directly; mean; CF. connotation
d\'enouement final outcome; final development of the plot of a
play or other literary work; the end of a story when everything is
explained
denounce condemn; criticize; N. denunciation
depict portray
expos\'e public revelation of something discreditable
deplete reduce; exhaust
deplore regret; express sorrow and severe disapproval for
something bad; Ex. deplore their violent behavior; ADJ. deplorable:
very bad; deserving severe disapproval; Ex. deplorable living
condition
deploy spread out (troops) in an extended though shallow
battle line; distribute (persons or forces) systematically or
strategically
battalion army unit made up of four or more companies
depose dethrone; remove from office; give a deposition;
testify
deposition testimony under oath; deposing; dethroning
depravity extreme corruption; wickedness; V. deprave
deprecate express disapproval of; deplore; protest against;
belittle; ADJ. deprecatory
depreciate lessen in value; belittle; represent as of little
value
depredation plundering; destruction
deranged insane
institute organization for a special purpose; V: establish
institution instituting; (building for the) organization;
established custom, practice, or relationship in a society; mental
hospital; Ex. institution of marriage
institutionalize make into an institution; put or confine in
an institution
derelict negligent; (of someone) neglectful of duty; (of
something) deserted by an owner; abandoned; N: abandoned property;
homeless or vagrant person
dereliction neglect of duty; abandonment
deride* ridicule; treat with contempt; make fun of; OP.
respect
derision ridicule; ADJ. derisive; CF. derisory
derivative* unoriginal; obtained from another source; Ex.
derivative prose style; N.
derivation deriving; origin or source of something; Ex. the
derivation of the word
dermatologist one who studies the skin and its diseases
acne skin disease (on the face)

Barron's word list 14

derogatory expressing a low opinion; disparaging; V. derogate:
detract; disparage
descry catch sight of (something distant)
desecrate profane; violate the sanctity of
violate break (a law); defile; desecrate; assault sexually;
Ex. violate graves
desiccate* dry up
desolate (of a place) deserted; unpopulated; (of a person)
lonely; forlorn; joyless
desolate make desolate; forsake; abandon and desert
desperado reckless, desperate outlaw
desperate having lost all hope; despairing; reckless and
violent because of loss of hope or despair; undertaken as a last
resort
despise look on with scorn; regard as worthless or
distasteful; ADJ. despicable: contemptible
despoil plunder; sack; Ex. despoil the village
despondent without hope and courage; depressed; gloomy; N.
despondency: loss of hope with gloom; dejection
despot tyrant; harsh, authoritarian ruler; CF. despotism
destitute extremely poor; lacking means of subsistence;
utterly lacking; devoid; Ex. destitute of any experience
impoverish make poor; deprive of natural strength or something
important; Ex. impoverished soil
desultory* aimless; haphazard; digressing at random
detached emotionally removed; free from emotional
involvement; calm and objective; physically separate; N. detachment;
CF. attachment
detain keep waiting; prevent from leaving or going; N.
detention
determinate having a fixed order of procedure; precisely
defined; invariable; fixed; conclusive; final
determination resolve; firmness of purpose; measurement or
calculation; decision
deterrent* something that discourages or deters
detonation explosion
detraction slandering; aspersion; detracting; CF. detractor
detrimental harmful; damaging; N. detriment
deviate turn away from (a principle, norm); move away from
an accepted standard; swerve; depart; diverge; N. deviation; Ex.
deviation of the path of light by a prism
devious roundabout; erratic; deviating from the straight
course; not straightforward; not completely honest; Ex. devious route
devise think up; invent; plan; bequeath; N: bequest
devoid empty; lacking
devolve deputize; pass or be passed to others (power, work,
or property); Ex. devolve on/upon/to
deputize work or appoint as a deputy; N. deputy: person who
has the power to take charge when the leading person is away
devotee enthusiastic follower; enthusiast; Ex. devotee of
Bach
devout pious; deeply religious; sincere; earnest; Ex. my
devout hope
religious of religion; (of a person) pious; having reverence
for a deity
dexterous skillful; skill in using hands or mind; N. dexterity
diabolical diabolic; devilish; fiendish
diadem crown
dialectical relating to the art of debate; mutual or reciprocal;
Ex. dialectical situation; N. dialectic: art of arriving at the
truth by the exchange of logical arguments
diaphanous sheer; transparent
diatribe* bitter scolding or denunciation; invective; abuse
dichotomy* division into two opposite parts; split; branching
into two parts (especially contradictory ones)
dictum authoritative and weighty statement (made by a judge
in court); saying; maxim; CF. obiter dictum: incidental, nonbinding
remark (something said in passing)
didactic (of speech or writing) intended to teach a moral
lesson; teaching; instructional; N. didacticism
die metal block used for shaping metal or plastic;
device for stamping or impressing; mold; CF. dice
diffidence* shyness; lack of self-confidence; timidity; ADJ.
diffident
diffuse* wordy; verbose; rambling; spread out (like a
gas); V: spread out in all directions; disperse; N. diffusion; CF.
suffuse
digression* wandering away from the subject; V. digress
dilapidated falling to pieces; in a bad condition; ruined
because of neglect; Ex. dilapidated old car/castle; N. dilapidation
dilate expand; dilate on/upon: speak or write at length on
(a subject)
dilatory delaying; tending to delay
dilemma situation that requires a choice between equally
unfavorable options; problem; choice of two unsatisfactory
alternatives
dilettante aimless follower of an art or a field of knowledge
(not taking it seriously); amateur; dabbler; CF. delight
diligence steadiness of effort; persistent hard work
dilute make (a liquid) less concentrated; reduce in
strength; Ex. dilute the influence of the president
diminution lessening; reduction in size; V. diminish
din continued loud noise; V: make a din; instill by
wearying repetition
weary tired after long work; V.
dinghy small boat (often ship's boat)
maroon leave helpless on a deserted island or coast; ADJ.
red brown
dingy (of things and place) dirty and dull; Ex. dingy
street/curtain
dull (of colors or surfaces) not bright; cloudy;
overcast; boring; (of edge or sound) not sharp; not rapid; sluggish;
slow in thinking and understanding; stupid; V.
dint means; effort; Ex. by dint of hard work
diorama life-size, three-dimensional scene from nature or
history; three-dimensional scene with modeled figures against a
painted background
dire warning of disaster; disastrous; (of needs and
dangers) very great; urgent; Ex. dire prediction/need of food
dirge* funeral song; slow mournful piece of music (sung
over a dead person)
disabuse* correct a false impression; undeceive; free from a
wrong belief
disaffected disloyal; lacking loyality; V. disaffect: cause to
lose affection or loyalty
disapprobation disapproval; condemnation
disarray state of disorder; a disorderly or untidy state; Ex.
with her clothes in disarray
disavowal denial; disclaiming; repudiating; disowning; V.
disavow; CF. disclaim
disband dissolve; disperse; (of a group) break up and
separate; Ex. The club has disbanded.
disburse pay out (as from a fund); N. disbursement; CF. purse
discernible distinguishable; perceivable; Ex. discernible
improvement
discerning* mentally quick and observant; having insight;
perceptive; able to make good judgments; V. discern: perceive
disclaim disown; renounce claim to; deny; CF. disclaimer
disclose reveal; N. disclosure
discombobulated discomposed; confused
discompose disturb the composure of; confuse
discomfit frustrate; put to rout; defeat; disconcert;
embarrass; perturb
disconcert confuse; upset; embarrass; perturb
disconsolate hopelessly sad (at the loss of something)
discord conflict; lack of harmony; dissonance (when musical
notes are played)
discorda nt* not harmonious; conflicting
discount disregard; regard (a story or news) as unimportant;
deduct from a cost
discourse serious speech, writing, or conversation; formal
discussion (either written or spoken); conversation; V.
discredit* defame; disgrace; destroy confidence in; disbelieve;
N. CF. discreditable: causing discredit; shameful
discrepancy* lack of consistency or agreement as between facts;
difference; Ex. discrepancy between two descriptions
discrete* separate; unconnected
discretion prudence; ability to adjust actions to
circumstances; freedom of action or judgment; ADJ. discreet; CF.
discretionary
discriminating able to see differences; discerning; prejudiced; N.
discrimination
discriminate distinguish; make distinctions on the basis of
preference
brisk quick and active; marked by liveliness and vigor
discursive (of a person or writing) digressing; rambling
(without any clear plan)
disdain treat with scorn or contempt
disembark debark; go ashore (from a ship); unload cargo from a
ship; CF. embark
disenfranchise disfranchise; deprive of a civil right; OP.
enfranchise
disengage uncouple; separate; disconnect; stop fighting; OP.
engage
disfigure mar the appearance of; spoil
disgorge surrender something (stolen); eject; vomit; OP. gorge
disgruntle make discontented

Barron's word list 15

dishearten discourage
disheveled untidy (of hair or clothing); V. dishevel
disinclination unwillingness
disingenuous* not naive; not candid; sophisticated; worldly wise;
OP. ingenuous
disinter dig up; unearth; OP. inter
disinterested* unprejudiced; free from bias and self-interest;
objective
disjointed* disconnected; lacking coherence; V. disjoint:
disconnect; disjoin
disjunction act or state of separation; disunity; CF.
disjunctive: expressing a choice between two ideas; CF. conjunction;
CF. conjunctive
dislodge remove (forcibly); force out of a position; Ex.
dislodge the food caught in his throat; CF. lodge
dismantle take apart; disassemble
mantle loose sleeveless outer garment; cloak; something
that covers or envelops; the layer of the earth between the crust
and the core
crust hard outer covering (as of earth or snow)
dismember cut into small parts; cut (a body) apart limb from
limb
dismiss* eliminate from consideration; no longer
consider; put out of court without further hearing; reject;
discharge from employment; direct to leave; ADJ. dismissive; N.
dismissal
disparage* belittle
maneuver(manoeuver) strategic military or naval movement (done
for training purposes); carefully planned process; stratagem; V:
carry out a military maneuver; use maneuvers in gaining an end
disparate* basically different; impossible to compare; unrelated
disparity difference; condition of inequality; OP. parity
dispassionate calm; impartial; not influenced by personal feelings
dispatch speediness; prompt execution; message sent with all
due speed; V: send to a specified destination; finish promptly; kill
dispel scatter; drive away; cause to vanish
dispense distribute; prepare and give out (medicines); N.
dispensation: dispensing; religious system; official exemption from
an obligation or a rule
disperse scatter; Ex. disperse the cloud/crowd
dispirited lacking in spirit
disport amuse; Ex. disport oneself; CF. divert
disputatious argumentative; fond of argument
disquietude uneasiness; anxiety; V. disquiet: make anxious
disquisition formal systematic inquiry; explanation of the
results of a formal inquiry; long formal speech or written report
dissection analysis; cutting apart in order to examine
dissemble* disguise; hide the real nature of; pretend
disseminate* distribute; spread; scatter (like seeds)
dissent disagree
dissertation formal essay; treatise
dissident dissenting (with an opinion, a group, or a
government); rebellious; N.
dissimulate pretend; conceal by feigning; dissemble
dissipate squander; waste foolishly; scatter
dissolution* disintegration; reduction to a liquid form;
looseness in morals; sensual indulgence; debauchery; ADJ. dissolute:
lacking in moral restraint; leading an immoral life
reduce diminish; bring to a weaker or more difficult
condition; demote; lower in rank; separate into components by
analysis; Ex. reduced to the ranks; Ex. reduce the house to rubble;
N. reduction
dissuade persuade not to do; discourage; N. dissuasion
dissonance discord
distant reserved or aloof; cold in manner; Ex. distant
greeting; ADV. distantly
distend* expand; swell out
distill* refine (a liquid by evaporating and
subsequent condensation); concentrate; separate the most important
parts from; Ex. distill fresh water from sea water; CF. brew
distinction honor; excellence; difference; contrast;
discrimination; Ex. graduated with distinction; Ex. a writer of real
distinction
distinct clearly different; clearly noticed
distinctive clearly different from others of the same kind
distort twist out of shape; give a false account of;
misrepresent; N. distortion
distrait absentminded; distracted
distraught upset; distracted by anxiety; very anxious and
troubled almost to the point of madness; Ex. distraught with
grief/worry
distract take (one's attention) off something; upset
emotionally; make anxious; ADJ. distracted
diurnal daily; occurring during the daytime
diva operatic singer; prima donna
diverge* vary; go in different directions from the
same point; ADJ. divergent: differing; deviating
diverse differing in some characteristics (from each other);
various; N. diversity: variety; dissimilitude; lack of resemblance
diversion act of turning aside; pastime; V. divert: turn aside
from a course; distract; amuse
divest* strip (as of clothes); deprive (as of rights);
dispossess; N. divestiture(divestment)
divine perceive intuitively (by or as if by magic); foresee
the future; foretell; dowse; ADJ. N. divination
dowse use a divining rod to search for underground water
or minerals
divulge reveal
docile obedient; easily managed; submissive
ferocious fierce; violent; N. ferocity
docket program as for trial; book where such entries are
made; list of things to be done; agenda; label fixed to a package
listing contents or directions; V: describe in a docket
doctrinaire unable to compromise about points of doctrine;
dogmatic; unyielding; marked by inflexible attachment to a doctrine
without regard to its practical difficulties
doctrine teachings in general; particular principle
(religious, legal, etc.) taught; dogma; tenet; ADJ. doctrinal
indoctrinate cause to accept a doctrine without questioning it;
Ex. indoctrinated with mindless anti-communism
document* provide written evidence (for a claim); record with
documents; N.
doddering shaky; infirm from old age; V. dodder
merit deserve; ADJ. meritorious: deserving reward or praise
doff take off; OP. don
dogged determined; stubborn; stubbornly persevering;
tenacious; Ex. Inspector Javert's dogged pursuit of Jean Valjean
persevere continue steadily in spite of difficulties
doggerel poor verse
dogmatic* opinionated; holding stubbornly to one's opinion;
arbitrary; doctrinal
doldrums blues; listlessness(lack of spirit or energy); slack
(inactive) period; period of stagnation; ocean area near the equator
where ships cannot move because there is no wind; Ex. in the doldrums
blues state of depression or melancholy; style of slow,
mournful music (evolved from southern Black American songs)
dolorous sorrowful; N. dolor
dolt slow-thinking stupid person; CF. dull
domicile home; V. ADJ. domiciled: having one's domicile; Ex.
He is domiciled in Britain.
domineer rule over tyrannically
dominate control; rule; enjoy a commanding position in;
overlook from a height;
dominant exercising the most influence; high and easily seen;
stronger than the other part of a system; not recessive
don put on; OP. doff
outfit clothing or equipment for a special purpose; Ex.
cowboy outfit
dormant * sleeping; temporarily inactive; lethargic; latent
dormer window projecting upright from roof; CF. sleeping
room
dorsal relating to the back of an animal; Ex. dorsal fin
dossier file of documents on a subject or person; file; CF.
bundle of papers labeled on the back
dotage senility; feeblemindedness of old age; Ex. In one's
dotage
dote be excessively fond of; show signs of mental decline
dour sullen; gloomy; stubborn
sullen silently showing ill humor or resentment; dark;
gloomy
brood sit on in order to hatch; think deeply or worry
anxiously; N: the young of certain animals; group of young birds
hatched at one time
douse plunge into water or liquid; dip; immerse; drench;
wet throughly; extinguish; throw water over; dowse
dowdy untidy (of a woman or clothes); slovenly; dressed in
an unattractive way; shabby; CF. unattractive woman
downcast disheartened; dejected; sad; directed downward
drab dull; lacking color; cheerless ; Ex. drab coat/life
draconian extremely severe; Ex. draconian punishment; CF.
Draco: Athenian politician
dregs sediment in a liquid; lees; worthless residue
drivel nonsense; foolishness; V: talk nonsense
nonsense speech or writing with no meaning; foolish behavior
or language; Ex. make (a) nonsense of: spoil; cause to fail
dribble flow or fall in drops; let saliva flow out slowly
from the mouth; move a ball; N.
drip fall or let fall in drops; shed drops; N: action or
sound of falling in drops; liquid that falls in drops
trickle flow in drops or in a thin stream; N.
droll queer and amusing
queer strange; eccentric; deviating from the normal
drone idle person who lives on other people's work; male
bee
drone talk dully; buzz or murmur like a bee; N.
murmur low, indistinct, continuous sound; V. CF. mumble
dross waste matter; worthless impurities
drudgery hard unpleasant work; menial work
drudge do drudgery; N: person who drudges
dubious questionable; (of something) causing doubt; (of
someone) filled with doubt; N. dubiety
ductile malleable; pliable; (of metals) easily pulled into
shape; flexible; (of someone) easily influenced or controlled
dulcet sweet sounding; pleasing to the ear; melodious
dumbfound(dumfound) astonish (making dumb); ADJ. dumbfounded,
dumfounded, dumbstruck
dupe* someone easily fooled or deceived; V: deceive
duplicity double-dealing; hypocrisy; being dishonest and
deceitful; ADJ. duplicitous

Barron's word list 16

duration length of time something lasts
duress forcible restraint, especially unlawfully; coercion
by threat; illegal coercion; Ex. a promise made under duress
dutiful(duteous) (of people or their behavior) respectful;
obedient (filled with a sense of duty)
dwindle shrink; reduce gradually
dynamic energetic; vigorously active
dynamo generator for producing electricity; energetic person
dyspeptic suffering from indigestion; N. dyspepsia:
indigestion; difficulty in digesting food
dys- abnormal; impaired
dyslexia word blindness; learning disorder marked by
impairment of the ability to read
dysentery inflammatory disorder of the lower intestinal tract
earthy unrefined; coarse; of earth; Ex. earthy remarks; OP.
ethereal
earthly of this earth; terrestrial; worldly; not divine;
possible; Ex. no earthly reason
ebb (of the tide) recede; lessen; diminish; N. OP. flow:
rise of tide
ebullient* showing excitement; overflowing with enthusiasm;
boiling; N. ebullience; N. ebullition: state of boiling
eccentric irregular; odd; unconventional; whimsical; bizarre;
not concentric
eccentricity oddity; idiosyncrasy
ecclesiastic ecclesiastical; pertaining to the church; N:
minister; priest; cleric; clergyman
chapel small church (in a prison, college, or hospital)
chaplain clergyman attached to a chapel
padre chaplain (in the armed forces)
eclectic* selective; composed of elements drawn from disparate
sources; selecting individual elements from a variety of sources; N.
eclecticism
selective careful in choosing; having an effect only on
certain things; not general; Ex. eclectic weed killer
eclipse darken; extinguish; outshine; surpass; cause an
eclipse
ecliptic path of the sun and the planets
ecologist person concerned with the interrelationship between
living organisms and their environment; person concerned with the
detrimental effects of human civilization on the environment; CF.
ecology
ecosystem ecological community together with its environment
economy efficiency or conciseness in using something;
thrifty management of resources
ecstasy rapture; very strong feeling of joy and happiness;
any overpowering emotion; ADJ. ecstatic: causing or experiencing
ecstasy
rapture great joy and delight; ecstasy; ADJ. rapturous
eddy swirling current of water, air, etc.; V.
edict decree (especially one issued by a sovereign);
official command
sovereign ruler in a monarchy; ADJ: (of a country) independent
and self-governing; having supreme power; supreme; excellent
sovereignty complete independence and self-government (of a
country); supremacy of authority; power to govern
edify instruct; correct morally
edifice building (of imposing size)
eerie weird; causing fear because strange
efface rub out; remove the surface of
effectual able to produce a desired effect; valid
effective effectual; producing a strong response; striking; in
operation; in effect; Ex. effective speech/photograph
effectuate effect; produce; achieve; Ex. effectuate a
reconciliation
effeminate having womanly traits
emasculate weaken; castrate
castrate remove the sex organs (of a male animal or person)
effervescence inner excitement or exuberance; showing high
spirits; emitting bubbles forming inside; bubbling from fermentation
or carbonation; ADJ. effervescent; V. effervesce
effete having lost one's original power; barren; worn out;
exhausted
efficacy* power to produce desired effect; ADJ. efficacious:
effectual
effigy dummy; likeness of a person made of wood, paper, or
stone; Ex. burn an effigy of the President
dummy imitation of a real object used as a substitute;
effigy
effluvium noxious(harmful) smell
effrontery* rudeness without any sense of shame; shameless
boldness; presumptousness; nerve; cheek
effulgent shining brightly; brilliant
effusion pouring forth; unrestrained outpouring of feeling;
V. effuse: pour out; ADJ. effusive: pouring forth; gushing
gush (of liquid) pour out in large quantities from a
hole; make an excessive display of feeling (without true feeling);
Ex. Blood gushed from the wound.
egoism excessive interest in one's self; belief that one
should be interested in one's self rather than in others;
selfishness; ADJ. egoistic, egoistical
ego one's opinion of oneself; self-esteem
egotistical egotistic; excessively self-centered(egocentric);
self-important; conceited
egotism tendency to speak or write of oneself excessively;
conceit; self-importance
egregious notorious; conspicuously bad or shocking
egress exit; opening for going out; act of going out; OP.
ingress
ejaculation exclamation; abrupt ejection (to discharge sperm);
V. ejaculate
elaboration addition of details; intricacy
elaborate work out carefully; add more detail or information;
ADJ.
elated filled with excited joy and pride; overjoyed; in
high spirits; joyful and proud; Ex. elated crowd; V. elate; N.
elation
elegy* poem or song expressing lamentation (for the dead);
ADJ. elegiacal, elegiac
elicit* draw out fact or information (by discussion or from
someone)
elixir cure-all; panacea; something invigorating
ellipsis omission of words from a text; mark used to indicate
an omission (when the meaning can be understood without them); PL.
ellipses
elliptical elliptic; oval; of an ellipse; containing an
ellipsis; ambiguous either purposely or because key words have been
left out
eloquence expressiveness; persuasive speech; ADJ. eloquent:
movingly expressive; expressing ideas well so that the hearers can
be influeneced
elucidate explain; make clear; clarify; enlighten; CF. lucid
elusive evasive; not frank; baffling; hard to grasp, catch,
or understand; V. elude: escape from; escape the understanding or
grasp of; Ex. elude the hunter; Ex. His name eludes me.
elysian relating to paradise; blissful
Elysium place or condition of bliss
emaciated thin and wasted (from hunger or illness)
emanate issue forth; come out
emancipate set free; liberate
embargo ban on commerce or other activity
embark commence; go on board a boat; begin a journey
embed(imbed) enclose; place in something; fix firmly in a
surrounding mass
embellish* adorn; ornament; enhance as a story (by adding
fictitious details)
embezzlement taking for one's own use in violation of trust;
stealing (of money placed in one's care)
emblazon ornament richly (a shield or flag); N. emblazonment
embody give a bodily form to; incorporate; include
emboss produce a design in raised relief; decorate with a
raised design
embrace hug; clasp with the arms; adopt or espouse; accept
readily; encircle; include; Ex. embrace the cause/socialism; Ex. all-
embracing; CF. brace; CF. bracelet
encircle surround
embroider decorate with needlework; ornament (a story) with
fancy or fictitious details; embellish
embroil throw into confusion; involve in strife, dispute, or
quarrel; entangle; CF. imbroglio
embryonic undeveloped; rudimentary; N. embryo: organism in the
early stage of development
emend correct (usually a text); N. emendation: correction
of errors; improvement
emetic substance causing vomiting; ADJ.
eminent rising above others; high; lofty; distinguished; Ex.
eminent position
emissary agent (sent on a mission to represent another);
messenger
emollient soothing or softening remedy (for the skin); ADJ.
emolument salary; payment for an office; compensation
empathy ability to identify with another's feelings, ideas,
etc.; identification with and understanding of another's feelings;
V. empathize; CF. sympathy
compassion sympathy for the suffering of others; ADJ.
compassionate
empirica* based on experience
emulate* imitate; rival; try to equal or excel
(through imitation)
enamored in love; Ex. enamored of his own beauty; V. enamor:
inspire with love
encipher encode; convert a message into code; put into cipher
enclave territory enclosed within an alien land
encomiastic praising; eulogistic; N. encomium: very high praise;
eulogy
encompass surround; include; Ex. His activities encompass
publishing and computers.
encroachment gradual intrusion; Ex. I resent all these
encroachments on my valuable time; V. encroach: take another's
possessions or right gradually or stealthily; intrude; Ex. encroach
on/upon

Barron's word list 17

encumber burden; N. encumbrance
endearment fond word or act; expression of affection
endear make beloved; Ex. endear her to everyone; ADJ. dear:
loved; cherished; high-priced
endemic * prevailing among a specific group of people or in a
specific area or country; peculiar to a particular region or people;
CF. pandemic
endorse approve; support; write one's signature on the back
of; N. endorsement; CF. dorsal
endue provide with some quality; endow
enduring lasting; surviving; V. endure: bear (pain or
suffering) for a long time; remain alive (in spite of difficulties);
last; survive
energize invigorate; give energy to; make forceful and active
enervate* weaken; take away energy from
enfranchise admit to the rights of citizenship (especially the
right to vote); CF. franchise
engage attract; employ; hire; pledge oneself; confront;
fight; enter into confliction; interlock; lock together;
participate; N. engagement: agreement to marry; arrangement to meet
someone or to do something; battle
engaging charming; attractive
engaged employed; busy; betrothed; involved in conflict
engender* cause; produce; give rise to
engross occupy fully; absorb
enhance* increase; make greater (as in value, reputation, or
usefulness); improve
enigma puzzle; mystery; ADJ. enigmatic: obscure; puzzling
puzzle baffle or confuse by a difficult problem; ponder
over a problem in an effort to solve; clarify or solve by reasoning;
Ex. puzzle out the answer; N.
enjoin command; order; forbid
enmity ill will; hatred; hostility
ennui boredom; listlessness and dissatisfaction resulting
from lack of interest; CF. annoy
enormity hugeness (in a bad sense); excessive wickedness; Ex.
enormity of the crime; ADJ. enormous
enrapture please intensely; fill with rapture and delight
ensconce settle comfortably; place comfortably (in a secure
place)
ensue follow (as a result)
entail make necessary; require; necessitate; involve; limit
the inheritance of (property) to a specified succession of heirs;
Ex. entail A on/upon B
enterprising full of initiative; showing enterprise
enterprise willingness to take new ventures; initiative;
business organization; plan (that is difficult or daring); Ex. their
latest enterprise to sail round the world in a small boat
enthrall capture; enslave; captivate; hold the complete
attention of (as if magic); hold spellbound
entice lure; persuade to do (something wrong); attract;
tempt
mischief behavior (of children) causing trouble with no
serious harm; damage; harm; Ex. mischief to the crops; ADJ.
mischievous: causing mischief; playfully troublesome
entity real being
entomology study of insects
entrance put under a spell(condition caused by magical
power); carry away(fill with strong feeling) with emotion; put into
a trance; fill with delight
trance hypnotic state; ecstatic state; detachment from
one's physical surrounding (as in contemplation or daydreaming); CF.
transition
hypnosis induced sleeping state; ADJ. hypnotic; V. hypnotize
entreat plead; ask earnestly
entree(entr\'ee) entrance; a way in; right to enter; main
dish of a meal; Ex. entree into the exclusive circle
entrepreneur businessperson (who assumes the risk of a business
venture); contractor; ADJ. entrepreneurial
enumerate list; mention one by one
enunciate announce; proclaim; utter or speak, especially
distinctly; pronounce clearly; articulate; Ex. This theory was first
enunciated by him.
environ enclose; surround; N. environs: surrounding area (as
of a city)
eon(aeon) long period of time; an age; longest division of
geologic time containing two or more eras
epaulet(epaulette) ornament worn on the shoulder (of a uniform,
etc.)
fringe decorative edge of hanging threads; edge
ephemeral* short-lived; fleeting
fleet fast; rapid; N. ADJ. fleeting: passing quickly;
ephemeral
epic long heroic poem, novel, or similar work of art
(celebrating the feats of a hero); ADJ: (of stories or events)
resembling an epic; grand
epicure connoisseur of food and drink; gourmet; ADJ.
epicurean; CF. Epicurus
Epicurean believing that pleasure is good and suffering is bad
and should be avoided; N.
epigram witty thought or saying, usually short
epilogue short speech at conclusion of dramatic work
episodic (of a story or play) loosely connected; made up of
separate and loosely connected parts; N. episode: incident in the
course of an experience
epistemologist philosopher who studies the nature of knowledge; N.
epistemology
epitaph inscription in memory of a dead person (as on a
tombstone)
epithet word or phrase characteristically used to describe a
person or thing; descriptive phrase to characterize a person (often
contemptous)
epitome perfect example or embodiment; brief summary; Ex.
epitome of good manners; V. epitomize: make an epitome of; be an
epitome of; embody
epoch period of time
equable tranquil; of even calm temper; (of temperature)
steady; uniform
equanimity* calmness of temperament; composure
equestrian rider on horseback; ADJ.
equilibrium balance of opposing forces; balance of the mind;
equanimity
equine resembling a horse; Ex. equine face
equinox period of equal days and nights; the beginning of
spring and autumn; Ex. vernal/autumnal equinox; ADJ. equinoctial
equipoise balance; balancing force; equilibrium
equitable fair; impartial; OP. inequitable
equity fairness; justice; OP. inequity
equivocal (of words or statements) ambiguous; intentionally
misleading; (of behavior) questionable; OP. unequivocal
equivocate* use equivocal language to deceive people; lie;
mislead; attempt to conceal the truth; N. equivocation
erode eat away; wear away gradually by abrasion; Ex. The
sea erodes the rocks.
erotic pertaining to passionate love or sexual love
errant wandering (esp. in search of adventure); straying
from proper moral standards; Ex. knight-errant
erratic odd; irregular in movement or behavior; unpredictable
erroneous mistaken; wrong; incorrect
erudite* (of a person or book) learned; full of
learning; scholarly; N. erudition
scholarly full of learning; erudite; like a scholar; Ex.
scholarly journal
escapade prank; flighty conduct; reckless adventure that
disobeys rules
prank mischievous trick
flighty (esp. of a woman's behavior) capricious; often
changing, esp. from one lover to another; impulsive
eschew avoid habitually; Ex. eschew alcoholic drinks
esoteric* hard to understand; known only to the chosen few,
esp. initiates; N. esoterica
espionage spying
espouse adopt; support (an idea or aim); marry; N. espousal
esteem respect; value; judge; N.
estimable (of a person) worthy of esteem; admirable; deserving
esteem; possible to estimate
inestimable impossible to estimate; (apprec) invaluable; of
immeasurable worth
estranged separated; alienated; V. estrange: alienate (people
in a family); N. estrangement
ethereal like a spirit or fairy; unearthly light; heavenly;
unusually refined; Ex. She has an ethereal beauty; CF. ether: upper
air
airy of air; high in the air; lofty; immaterial; unreal
ethnic relating to races
ethnology study of humankind; study of the different races of
human beings; CF. anthropology
ethos underlying character of a culture, group, etc.;
character or ideas peculiar to a specific person, group, or culture;
Ex. the company ethos
etymology study of word parts; study of the origins of words
eugenic pertaining to the improvement of race; N. eugenics:
study of hereditary improvement of the human race
eulogistic praising; full of eulogy

Barron's word list 18

Eulogy* expression of praise, often on the occasion of
someone's death; V. eulogize
Euphemism* mild expression in place of an unpleasant one; ADJ.
euphemistic
euphony sweet sound; ADJ. euphonious
euphoria feeling of exaggerated or unfounded(ungrounded;
baseless) well-being; feeling of great happiness or well-being (when
unreasonable); ADJ. euphoriaric
euthanasia mercy killing
evanescent fleeting; vanishing; soon disappearing; V. evanesce
evasive not frank; trying to hide the truth; eluding;
evading; V. evade: avoid (a duty or responsibility) or escape from
by deceit
evince show clearly
evenhanded impartial; fair
evocative tending to call up (emotions, memories)
evoke call forth (memory or feeling); Ex. That old film
evoked memories of my childhood; N. evocation
ewe female sheep
ram male sheep; V. strike or drive against with a heavy
impact
exacerbate* worsen; aggravate; embitter
embitter make bitter; fill with painful or bitter feelings;
make sad and angry; Ex. He was embittered by many disappointments.
exacting extremely demanding; Ex. exacting standard of safety
exact demand and obtain by force; Ex. exact a promise from
him; N. exaction
exalt raise in rank or dignity; praise highly; inspire;
Ex. exalt the imagination; ADJ. exalted; N. exaltation
exasperate vex; annoy or make angry (by testing the patience)
exceptionable objectionable; likely to cause dislike; offensive;
CF. unexceptionable: entirely acceptable
except exclude; N. exception: objection; exclusion; ADJ.
exceptional: unusual; of unusually high quality
excerpt selected passage (written or musical) taken from a
longer work; V.
exchequer treasury; Ex. Chancellor of the exchequer
chancellor legal official of high rank; CF. chancellery
(chancellory): position of a chancellor
treasure keep as precious; cherish
excise cut away; cut out; N: government tax on good
produced and used inside a country; N. excision
exclaim cry out suddenly; N. exclamation; ADJ. exclamatory
excoriate scold with biting harshness; censure strongly; strip
the skin off
exculpate* clear from blame or guilt
execrable very bad; detestable
execrate curse; express abhorrence for; detest
execute put into effect; carry out; kill as a lawful
punishment; N. execution
executor person designated to execute the terms of a will;
executioner person administering capital punishment
executive person having administrative authority; one branch
of government executing laws; ADJ: relating to executing
legislature legislating branch of government; CF. legislate:
make laws
judiciary judicial branch of government
exegesis explanation, especially of biblical(of the bible)
passages
exemplary serving as a model; outstanding; Ex. exemplary
punishment/behavior; N. exemplar: typical example; model
exemplify show by example; furnish an example; serve as an
example of; Ex. His pictures exemplify that sort of painting.
exempt not subject to a duty or obligation; free from a
duty; V.
exertion effort; expenditure of much physical work; V. exert
oneself: make a great effort
exhale breathe out; OP. inhale
exhilarating invigorating and refreshing; cheering; V.
exhilarate: make cheerful and excited; Ex. exhilarated by the ride
in the sports car
exhort urge (by strong argument or advice); Ex. The general
exhorted his men to fight bravely; N. exhortation
urge drive or force forward (by causing impulses); drive
to take action; impel; entreat earnestly; Ex. urge horses; N:
impulse that prompts action
urgent compelling immediate action; pressing; persistent;
importunate; Ex. urgent in his demands
exhume dig out of the ground; remove from a grave
coroner public official who investigates any death thought
to be of other than natural causes
exigency* urgent situation; ADJ. exigent
exiguous small in amount; minute
existential pertaining to existence; pertaining to the
philosophy of existentialism
exodus departure (of a large number of people)
exonerate acquit; exculpate; free from blame or guilt
exorbitant (of costs or demands) excessive; exceeding
reasonable bounds
exorcise drive out evil spirits
exotic not native; from another part of the world; strange;
intriguingly unusual; Ex. exotic flower/dress
intrigue make secret plans; plot; arouse the curiosity of; N:
secret scheme; plot; secret love affair
expansive (of a person) outgoing and sociable; broad and
extensive; able to increase in size
outgoing sociable; eager to mix socially with others
expatiate talk at length; speak or write in detail
expatriate exile; someone who has withdrawn from his native
land; V: exile; banish; leave one's country
expedient suitable (for a particular purpose although not
necessarily morally correct); practical; politic(prudent); N:
something expedient
expedite hasten; make go faster
expeditious done with speed; quick; N. expedition
expenditure payment or expense; expending; something expended;
output; Ex. receipt for the expenditure; Ex. expenditure of all the
energy
expertise specialized knowledge (in a particular field);
expert skill
expiate make amends for (a sin)
expletive meaningless word; interjection; profane oath; swear-
word
interjection exclamation; Ex. ``Ouch''
swear vow; promise; use profane oaths; use offensive words
swear-word word considered offensive; Ex. ``bloody''
oath solemn promise; blasphemous use of sacred words to
express strong feelings; swear-word; Ex. ``For Christ's sake''
explicate explain in detail; interpret; clarify; CF. explicable
explicit totally clear; definite; outspoken
exploit brave and successful act; deed or action,
particularly a brave deed; CF. crossing the Atlantic ocean
exploit make use of, sometimes unjustly; N. exploitation
expository explanatory; serving to explain; N. exposition:
explaining; exhibition
expostulation protest; remonstrance; reasoning with someone to
correct or dissuade; V. expostulate
exposure risk, particularly of being exposed to disease or to
the elements; unmasking; act of laying something open; Ex. exposure
of governmental corruption
expound explain
expropriate take possession of (often for public use and without
payment)
expunge cancel; remove a word or name (from a book or list);
erase
expurgate clean; remove offensive parts of a book
extant (of something written or painted) still in existence
extemporaneous not planned; impromptu; extempore
extenuate weaken; mitigate; lessen the seriousness of (bad
behavior)
extirpate root up; uproot; destroy completely
extol praise very highly; glorify
extort wring from; get money by threats, etc.; obtain by
force or threats; CF. extortionate: exorbitant
wring twist (to extract liquid); extract by twisting;
wrench painfully (necks or hands)
extradition surrender of prisoner by one state to another; Ex.
extradition treaty; V. extradite
extraneous not essential; irrelevant; superfluous; external;
coming from the outside; Ex. extraneous details/noise/to the subject
extrapolation* projection; conjecture; V. extrapolate: infer
(unknown information) from known information
extricate free from an entanglement or difficulty; disentangle
inextricable from which it is impossible to get free; that
cannot be untied; Ex. inextricable troubles; Ex. inextricable two
histories
extrinsic external; not essential or inherent; extraneous; OP.
intrinsic
extrovert person interested mostly in external objects and
actions
mingle mix together in close association
extrude force or push out; thrust out; shape (plastic or metal) by
forcing through a die
exuberance overflowing abundance; joyful enthusiasm;
flamboyance; lavishness; ADJ. exuberant: high-spirited and lively;
growing abundantly and strongly
glow shine brightly without a flame (as of eyes or
metals); show redness and heat (in the face) after hard work or
because of strong feelings; N: light produced by a heated body;
brilliance of a color
exude flow out slowly; discharge (gradually); give forth;
N. exudation
ooze (of a thick liquid) pass or flow slowly; N: mud or
thick liquid as at the bottom of a river
exult rejoice
fabricate build; lie; make up (a story) in order to deceive;
Ex. fabricate the whole story; CF. fabric: underlying structure; Ex.
fabric of society
facade(fa\c{c}ade) front or face (of building); superficial or
false appearance
facet small plane surface (of a gem(precious stone)); a
side
facetious* joking (often inappropriately); unserious; humorous
facile easily accomplished; ready or fluent; superficial;
not deep; Ex. facile solution to a complex problem; Ex. facile
speaker; N. facility: ability to do something easily and well; ease
in doing resulting from skill or aptitude; something that
facilitates an action; amenity; Ex. with great facility
facilitate * help bring about; make less difficult
facsimile copy
faction party; clique (within a large group); dissension
dissension disagreement of opinions causing strife within a
group
factious inclined to form factions; causing dissension
factitious artificial; produced artificially; sham; false; Ex.
factitious tears
factotum handyman; person who does all kinds of work; CF. do
everything
faculty mental or bodily powers; teaching staff

Barron's word list 19

Fallacious* false; based on a fallacy; misleading; N. fallacy:
false idea or notion; false reasoning; Ex. popular fallacy; Ex.
fallacy of the argument
fallible liable to err
falsify make (something written) false by changing
fallow (of land) plowed but not sowed (to improve the
quality); uncultivated
sow plant or scatter seed
falter hesitate; weaken in purpose or action; walk or move
unsteadily through weakness; N.
stumble trip and almost fall; proceed unsteadily; act
falteringly; N.
fanaticism excessive zeal; extreme devotion to a belief or
cause; N. fanatic; ADJ. fanatic
fancied imagined; unreal
fancier breeder or dealer of animals; one who has a special
interest, as for raising specific plant or animal
fanciful whimsical; visionary; imaginary; produced by
imagination; Ex. fanciful scheme
fancy imagination (of a whimsical or fantastic nature);
capricious liking; V: imagine; be fond of; ADJ. decorative; elaborate
fanfare call by bugles or trumpets; showy display;
spectacular public display
farce broad comedy; mockery; humorous play full of silly
things happening; ADJ. farcical
fastidious difficult to please; squeamish; fussy; finicky
squeamish easily shocked or sickened by unpleasant things;
fastidious; Ex. A nurse should not be squeamish.
fatalism belief that events are determined by forces or fates
beyond one's control; ADJ. fatalistic; CF. fatal: causing death
fathom comprehend; investigate; determine the depth of; N.
unit of measurement for the depth of water
fathomless too deep to be measured or understood; unfathomable
fatuous* smugly and unconsciously foolish; inane;
silly; N. fatuity, fatuousness
fauna animals of a period or region; CF. flora
fawning* courting favor by cringing and flattering;
V. fawn: exhibit affection as a dog; seek favor or attention by
obsequiousness
court attempt to gain; seek; woo; risk; behave so as to
invite; attempt to gain the favor of by attention; Ex. court disaster
faze disconcert; dismay; embarrass
feasible practical; able to be carried out; practicable
febrile feverish
fecundity fertility; fruitfulness; ADJ. fecund: very
productive of crops or young
fertile producing many young, fruits, or seeds; (of land)
producing good crops; V. fertilize
fruitful producing results; profitable; prolific; producing
in abundance
feign pretend
feint trick; shift; sham blow; feigned attack to draw away
defensive action; V.
shift change position or place; exchange (one thing) for
another; change in direction or position; Ex. shift the stolen
goods; N. group of workers which takes turns with other groups;
working period of such a group
felicitous* (of a word or remark) apt; suitably expressed; well
chosen
felicity happiness; appropriateness (of a remark, choice,
etc.); quality of being felicitous
feline of a member of the cat family; N.
fell cruel; (of a disease) deadly
fell cut or knock down (a tree or a person); bring down
(with a missile)
felon person convicted of a grave crime; CF. felony:
serious crime
feral (of an animal) not domestic; wild
ferment agitation; commotion(noisy and excited activity);
unrest (of a political kind); V. produce by fermentation; undergo
fermentation; cause (a state of trouble)
fermentation chemical reaction that splits complex organic
compounds; unrest; agitation
ferret drive or hunt out of hiding; hunt with ferrets;
drive out (as from a hiding place); expel; uncover or discover by
searching; Ex. ferret out the secret; N. small fierce animal which
catches rats and rabbits by going into their holes
fervent ardent; zealous; hot
fervid ardent; zealous; hot
impassioned (of speech) filled with passion; fervent
fervor* glowing ardor; intensity of feeling; quality of
being fervent or fervid; zeal; intense heat
fester rankle; produce irritation or resentment; (of a cut
or wound) generate pus or rot; Ex. His insult festered in my mind
for days.
festive joyous; celebratory; relating to a feast or festival
fete(f\^ete) honor at a festival; celebrate or honor with a
feast; N. (outdoor) festival or feast; CF. feast
fetid(foetid) malodorous; foul
foul very bad or disagreeable; very dirty; Ex. foul
smell/flavor/temper/language/air/deed/weather/means; N. act against
the rules; V. make or become foul; commit a foul
fetish(fetich) object believed to have spiritual powers; object of
excessive attention or reverence; CF. fetishism
fetter shackle; restrict the freedom of; N. chain or
shackle for the foot of a prisoner; CF. foot
fiasco total failure; CF. bottle
fiat command; arbitrary order; Ex. presidential fiat; CF.
let it be done
fickle changeable (in affections or friendship); faithless
fictitious imaginary; non-existent; purposely invented to
deceive; untrue; Ex. fictitious name/boyfriend; CF. fictional
fidelity loyalty; accuracy
figment invention; something invented; imaginary thing; Ex.
figment of your imagination
figurative not literal but metaphorical; using a figure
(impression) of speech
figure written symbols; number; amount represented in
numbers; outline or silhouette of a thing or human body; person
(well-known); impression; diagram; pattern; group in a dance; Ex.
figure of speech; V. calculate with numbers; adorn with figures;
appear; consider; Ex. My name did not figure in the list.
figurine small ornamental statuette(very small statue)
filch steal (things of small value)
pilfer steal things of small value; filch; snitch
filial pertaining to or befitting a son or daughter; Ex.
filial respect
filibuster block legislation or prevent action in a lawmaking
body by making very slow long speeches; N; freebooter
freebooter pirate or plunderer who makes war in order to grow
rich
bust piece of sculpture showing a person's head,
shoulders, and upper chest; V: break up; arrest; Ex. crimebuster
filigree delicate ornamental lacelike metalwork
lace cord used to draw and tie together two opposite
edges (as of a shoe); delicate fabric made of fine threads; V: draw
together by tying a lace
filing particle removed by a file
finale conclusion; concluding part
finesse delicate skill; V: handle with finesse
finicky too particular; fussy; difficult to please; too
concerned with unimportant details or quality; Ex. finicky about her
food
fussy fastidious; finicky; easily upset
fuss: trouble or worry over trifles; make nervous; pay too
much attention to; N: needless concern or worry (about a trivial
thing); anxious nervous condition; display of attention; Ex. make a
fuss over the baby
finite limited
firebrand piece of burning wood; hothead; troublemaker; person
who stirs up trouble
hothead person who does things too quickly without thinking;
ADJ. hotheaded
fissure crevice; crack
fitful spasmodic; intermittent; irregular
fit sudden outburst of an illness or feeling; convulsion
caused by epilepsy
flaccid flabby; lacking firmness; weak; Ex. flaccid muscles
limp walk lamely; ADJ: lacking firmness; weak
flag * droop; grow feeble; decline in vigor or strength;
ADJ. flagging; CF. unflagging
droop bend or hang downward; become weakened; Ex. His
shoulders drooped with tiredness; N.
flagrant conspicuously wicked, bad, or offensive; blatant;
outrageous
outrage act of extreme violence or viciousness; resentful
anger; V: commit an outrage on; produce anger in; ADJ. outrageous:
offensive
flail beat with or as if with a flail; move wildly; thresh
grain by hand; strike or slap; toss about; N: threshing tool
consisting of a stick swinging from the end of a long handle
thresh beat (cereal plants) with a machine or flail to
separate the grains from the straw
toss throw lightly; move or lift (the head) with a sudden
motion; flip (a coin) to decide something
flair talent
flamboyant ornate; highly elaborate; richly colored;
ostentatious; showy; CF. flame
flaunt display ostentatiously; Ex. ``Honey, if you've got
it, flaunt it !''
flay strip off skin; plunder; remove the skin from;
criticize harshly
fleck spot; mark with flecks; N: small mark or spot
fledgling(fledgeling)* inexperienced; N: young bird that has
acquired wing feathers and is learning to fly; inexperienced person
fleece wool coat of a shee
